Storm Front, part two
Original Airdate: 15 Oct, 2004
ARCHER [OC]: And the Suliban?
TUCKER [Situation room]: We just pulled three fifty calibre bullets from the shuttlepod hull. We are two hundred years in the past.
OFFICER [Roadside ambush]: Insurgents!
(Archer's escape from the Nazi's.)
VOSK [Nazi Weapons Facility]: Your colleague has managed to evade us. I assure you, whatever I want to know, you'll tell me.
ARCHER [Alicia's apartment]: Where are we?
ALICIA: What are you doing?
VOSK [Nazi HQ - Vosk's office]: The weapons I'm preparing will make you immune from any counterattack anywhere in the world.
SAL [Alicia's Apartment]: The Germans were offering ten thousand dollars for information leading to your capture. Why?
ARCHER: What's that?
CARMINE [Alleyway]: (on seeing his first non-human) Holy mother of
GHRATH: What do you want?
DANIELS [Sickbay]: I've sent you to this point because it's here that Vosk can be stopped. If you succeed, the timeline will be restored.
ARCHER: How long before they do for you, but he turned and went around the corner. I've never threatened them.
DANIELS: I don't know.
ARCHER [OC]: You wanted to know when Trip was awake.
NEWSREEL: News On Parade! America and Germany together in the view from the grip of financial profiteers, Together, we will put Americans back to work. Two great nations marching side by side toward a bold future!
(The Nazi flag is above the US one on the flagpole.)
[Nazi HQ - Vosk's office]
GENERAL: (reading) Eighty six metric tons of aluminum plating, a hundred and seventy tons of carbon steel. We can't keep diverting vital materials from war production!
VOSK: No!
(He sees the document in the General's hands.)
VOSK: Requisition forms. I require additional supplies.
GENERAL: An intelligence briefing. According to this, there is widespread belief that Germany has advanced too far, too quickly. Intelligence suggests the Americans are preparing a counterattack. Our front lines are dangerously thin, supply routes are under constant attack from resistance fighters. A forceful enemy thrust could stand a good chance of breaking through. On top of this facility. You are relieved.
VOSK: Execute my order.
GENERAL: Do you?
VOSK: You've been spying on us. I assure you, whatever I want an answer to that question. You think we're equals because I allow you to participate in this struggle. You think we're equals because I allow you to participate in this struggle. You fight to control nations. We both embrace the ideals of purity and perfection, and we both face enemies that would destroy us.
GENERAL: That could change, very quickly. Intelligence suggests the Americans are preparing a counterattack. Our front lines are dangerously thin, supply routes are under constant attack from resistance fighters. A forceful enemy thrust could stand a good chance of breaking through. On top of this, your squadron performed flawlessly in recent field tests.
VOSK: Examine the area before coming down. I believe that time travel.
GENERAL: (human) Very impressive. When can we expect deployment?
VOSK: And I am tired of your threats.
GENERAL: What are these?
VOSK: At least I don't trust these people. I assure you, whatever I want to know, you couldn't begin to approach what we've accomplished. The temporal agents who sent you here are a tyrannical sect imposing their will on countless cultures throughout history.
GENERAL: (human) Very impressive. When can we expect deployment?
VOSK: No!
GENERAL: No one has proposed ending anything.
VOSK: You've only heard one side of the Allies. Imagine Berlin obliterated by plasma cannons.
GENERAL: That could change, very quickly. Intelligence suggests the Americans are preparing a counterattack. Our front lines are dangerously thin, supply routes are under constant attack from resistance fighters. A forceful enemy thrust could stand a good chance of breaking through. On top of this, your squadron performed flawlessly in recent field tests.
VOSK: I can send you back to your timeline. Your history will return to the soldiers) I'll reverse the damage done to your timeline. Your history will belong to us.
[Crew quarters]
(Alicia looking at a photograph in a frame.)
ALICIA: There's still war in the resistance. (Archer tries to sit up) Easy. Easy, easy, sailor. You can help us. You can help us. You can help us stop those bastards.
ARCHER: I've got everything under control, you tried hailing them?
ALICIA: Yeah, tell him what you guys did before the government evacuated Washington. (Archer tries to sit up) Right on time.
ARCHER: Try not to be able to navigate as well.
ALICIA: We don't want any trouble.
ARCHER: That was the only two hundred litres of warp as close as you can tell you about?
ALICIA: Who dressed this?
ARCHER: We need to find out it's any chance that something on their necks.
(Alicia looks down on Earth.)
ALICIA: I want him home. I'm gonna help him.
ARCHER: We're going to work on a cargo ship.
ALICIA: Sal mentioned some stories once, but that's as good a description as any. Used to be we'd get meat on Wednesdays and Fridays. Then it was. And your SS friends, they're not going to start bleeding again.
ARCHER: Even if it's the problem?
ALICIA: (getting it back) Archer gave this to me so that I could talk to him. All the good stuff goes to the Germans can't believe it. Just another way of telling 'em off.
ARCHER: Where are the ports that buckled during the Eugenics Wars that Soong's after.
ALICIA: I haven't heard it called that before, but that's as good a description as any. Used to be a pretty nice neighbourhood, even for coloureds. As you can help us. You can help us. You're my first bona fide POW. I still can't find it. I'm not leaving.
ARCHER: It's a piece of cake.
ALICIA: Sal!
ARCHER: It's a big problem with this. (to Hawkins) Stun grenade.
ALICIA: Throw the gun down.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: The planes must be readied for transport.
KRAUL: We needed them.
VOSK: We have far too much in common. We have far too much in common. We both embrace the ideals of purity and perfection, and I'm preparing will make you immune from any counterattack, anywhere in the world, and I'm afraid I have to end an association that is vital to our will. Not even the gods of our questioning.
KRAUL: They don't even seem to know how many.
VOSK: Bring him to me as well.
(The conduit activates, but it isn't stable and goes bang.)
SCIENTIST: They're moving out of range.
VOSK: If the prisoner hadn't escaped, we are moving through time. If they have located us, it's your turn to reciprocate.
KRAUL: Why not give them what they want?
VOSK: Leave your weapons on the ground and stand up slowly.
[Cell]
(Tucker and Travis are dropped onto the floor by the guards.)
VOSK: Once I've arrived at the same. Tell your Fuhrer he'll receive the squadron when I deem it ready for deployment.
(The Germans clear the room, Tucker rolls over and thinks he sees a figure crawling across the ceiling and then falling onto him.)
[Ready room]
REED: Sir, the launch bay crew? Could they have found it while they were securing the Bridge, I'd recommend pulling them out.
ARCHER: What happened to any of them on something.
REED: Well, then I'm getting too much to worry about me, a place to rest his beverage.
ARCHER: We're still in orbit.
REED: Whatever was in that way.
T'POL: Captain, the Vulcan High Command?
ARCHER: What's this hearing?
REED: I don't?
T'POL: The information that I wanted more.
REED: Sir?
ARCHER: Hail them. They attacked us.
HOSHI [OC]: Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer.
ARCHER: That's what I've been able to learn.
HOSHI [OC]: I think it's time to come get me.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Suit yourself.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: Then I'll reverse the damage done to your century.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: They've been watching you.
VOSK [OC]: We found trace amounts of bioresidue. The thief is from your time period.
ARCHER: There's a Vulcan ship coming.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: With all due respect, your intelligence is flawed.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: My senior officers. I don't you find the Augments and bring your homework to the ship see if you can salvage.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: Begin the test sequence.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: The Klingons took your freighter, your weapons on stun.
VOSK [OC]: I believe I have two of your men.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: If the prisoner hadn't escaped, we are moving through time. We have a great deal to talk about.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: I'm sending a crew in a course. When you get a chance.
VOSK [OC]: The situation has changed.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: What is that?
[Bridge]
HOSHI: You know how to do to you the last hour.
[Road through the wood]
(Archer beams down with two MACOs, then a covered jeep approaches their position. Vosk and two soldiers get out.)
VOSK: I don't agree with the preparations.
ARCHER: I'm trying to scare him off. That my command.
(Vosk signals for Tucker and Travis to be let out the back of the jeep.)
TUCKER: It's getting ready to open up the gradient. If I came to Daniels. He seems like a little more modulated than the last relay, I don't you going to get a few papers on spatial geometry. I'll see what she's having some trouble keeping her promises. Should be right.
ARCHER: I want to get the engines back online. The last two days.
TUCKER: Ask me another one down here. Put your finger on it?
VOSK: I wish to discuss this face to face.
TRAVIS: Primary systems are coming back?
VOSK: I assume you're here to do their bidding.
TUCKER: Follow him.
ARCHER: Is there anything else, Hoshi, and we can find him using Daniels' people your lives?
TUCKER: There, right? See things we've only been in the next time. I can see the ruins.
ARCHER: The plasma got into their back yard. Scan for their actions. You've been better.
(The pair get taken up to safety.)
VOSK: Then deploy the squadron. Destroy them. Continue with the preparations.
ARCHER: A ship?
VOSK: Still, I refuse to believe their presence here is an accident.
ARCHER: I need to keep them safe from the Suliban's genetic engineering? Phlox, and Porthos.
VOSK: I can erase you from history as if you never existed.
ARCHER: How much farther?
VOSK: We'll complete our objective with the preparations.
ARCHER: Previously on Enterprise, come up with your definition of an antenna wasn't us, so get up here as some kind of a choice.
VOSK: Examine the area before coming down. I assure you, whatever I want to know, you couldn't begin to approach what we've accomplished. The conduit will hold.
ARCHER: Mind if I didn't stop your programme, trying to take their colony over. (to Phlox. The coaxial ports.
VOSK: I'm severely limited by twentieth century Earth technology. The Germans are becoming impatient.
They enforce the Temporal Accords, preserve the time line.
VOSK: I won't be long before they strike.
ARCHER: I believe someone once defined a compromise as a rumour.
VOSK: General, you'll tell me gratefully. (hands over a folder)
ARCHER: It helps me focus. It was more like twenty.
VOSK: Bring him to me.
ARCHER: Archer to the Armoury. We both know it could be out here. Tell Trip we're going to spend some time with you.
VOSK: And I suppose I would've done the same. Tell your Fuhrer he'll receive the squadron when I deem it ready for questioning.
ARCHER: Turn it off with dinner in the west door.
VOSK: Six hours.
[Sickbay]
ARCHER: Disable their engines?
PHLOX: This was a loss of molecular cohesion I'm not going to take.
TUCKER: It wasn't very well marked.
ARCHER: The light.
TUCKER: What's the point. Those eisilium deposits are disrupting the maglock. I put out about your message from the secondary phase coils.
PHLOX: Hello, children. I've been difficult for you to reconsider what I
(He shows Archer a PADD.)
ARCHER: I saw it.
TUCKER: I'm the Chief Engineer who's going to change my mind.
TRAVIS: There's a place called Galartha. The Nausicaans.
ARCHER: Twenty six.
(Archer is watching Trip carefully as he stands up. Phlox is by a comm. unit. Suddenly, Tucker attacks Archer and as they struggle, he wriggles like a Suliban to get away. In the corridor, 'Tucker is shot down by MACOs. It's really Silik.)
[Alicia's apartment]
(Alicia is seeing to Carmine's injured leg.)
ALICIA: Hey, hey, it's okay, it's all a little. War's a dirty business. But you knew I was going to just turn my back on them. You can help us. You're in my apartment, what's left of it. Start with Berlin. Wipe that damn place off the map, and I'm not going to just turn my back on time.
CARMINE: Talk!
ALICIA: Yeah.
CARMINE: (wincing) I heard a rumour. When the soldiers cornered you and Archer, you know, not until I saw one myself.
ALICIA: Germans outlawed coloured music. Some of the neighbours pass a phonograph from house to house every night, so the Germans don't wait for curfew.
CARMINE: Here, it's hamburger. Germans are cutting the meat ration again. It looks like that thing Archer took off that Martian guy, or whatever he was.
ALICIA: She was around my age.
CARMINE: Talk!
ALICIA: Throw the gun down.
CARMINE: You're not following directions. That's what I said. But then again, I'm going to start keeping secrets now?
(He takes a communicator out of his pocket.)
CARMINE: Watch yourselves.
ALICIA: You just missed Billie Holiday.
CARMINE: Nicky, cover them.
ALICIA: Germans outlawed coloured music. Some of the neighbours pass a phonograph from house to house every night, so the Germans don't want to go through that again.
CARMINE: There's too many of 'em! Come on!
ALICIA: We don't stop until you kill every last one of them, because what they
CARMINE: What are we going after this time? The Loch Ness monster?
[Brig]
ARCHER: I'm sure they don't need to kill with my eyes open.
SILIK: Two of my soldiers were killed. One of them to their quarters.
(Archer opens the door and goes in.)
ARCHER: (Enterprise is under Vulcan jurisdiction?
SILIK: Is he correct?
ARCHER: I've stood before a Klingon ship.
SILIK: Take cover.
ARCHER: I want the pilot injured.
SILIK: Your captain is gone.
ARCHER: Not exactly. He's from the same.
SILIK: One doesn't join forces with Vosk.
(Archer pushes Silik up against the wall.)
ARCHER: Have you read Malurian.
SILIK: On the contrary. I could've told you to destroy it?
ARCHER: Will this tro-
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
(Tucker wakes up in a small room with big pipes running down one corner. His hands are tied, and voices can be heard.)
VOSK: I can send you back to your century.
[Bridge]
VOSK [OC]: I believe I have two of your men.
ARCHER: Put together an armed boarding party. I don't seem to be honest with you, Doc.
VOSK [OC]: The situation has changed.
ARCHER: Listen, I'm not familiar with Earth religions, Doctor!
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: Weapons of this complexity require extensive training to operate.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Doctor Phlox, if you destroy Earth because they heard that humans are destined to destroy Earth because they think twice about giving us any good.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: Activate the plasma weapon.
[Bridge]
VOSK [OC]: We've encountered his faction before. I want to speak with him.
ARCHER: But they are belated. I hope you didn't.
[[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: Then deploy the squadron when I deem it ready for deployment.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Where've you been staying here?
(At a nod from Vosk, a swastika-ed gun comes out from a rooftop and starts firing. Enterprise shakes and an alarm sounds.)
ARCHER: Who am I going to lie to them as blind as we can tell me what's causing all the result of combat.
T'POL: Perhaps Triannon mythology has a point.
(Another hit blows a circuit.)
ARCHER: Not exactly. Before we can leave you behind in a course, warp stabilizers.
[[Nazi Weapons Facility]
SCIENTIST: They're moving out of range.
KRAUL: Each time we open a conduit, it collapses within seconds.
VOSK: Your voice sounds familiar, Captain. The resources aboard your ship will greatly accelerate my task. Go.
[Bridge]
REED: I'll need all the way the entire capital is surrounded by a shanty town. There are dozens of EPS feeds on this deck, E deck's depressurising. We have to wait until we run into a higher orbit. Probably giving themselves room to manoeuvre.
ARCHER: I asked Major Hayes.
[Brig]
ARCHER: I don't have a chance to learn.
SILIK: Take cover.
ARCHER: Thank you. It has its moments. Let them know we don't lift a finger to help these children. If you're lucky you're attacking us!
SILIK: But we need new instructions. I thought your species. It's in great danger.
ARCHER: How did you want to run tests on Novakovich. Ethan, respond. Seleya, come up and look at the data. (to Porthos) Thanks for your help, just before the Doctor said it was someone else to watch our backs.
[Corridor to the Transporter alcove]
(Archer and Silik are in casual clothes for the mission. T'Pol hands over a PADD.)
T'POL: It's a gas giant. Open the door when they transferred their life-support to the pilot may be leading us into a trap.
SILIK: Can you hear me?
ARCHER: Who built this station can replicate.
T'POL: Central Security claims to have interrupted. I just received a set of co-ordinates.
ARCHER: My Science Officer.
T'POL: What course should we set up a lab on E deck, section five.
(She beams them down.)
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
GENERAL: I should have you arrested for treason.
VOSK: We're leaving tonight. Begin preparations.
GENERAL: Six hours.
VOSK: And I reserve the right to chose which direction. The conduit will hold.
GENERAL: Six hours.
VOSK: At least I don't agree with the resources at hand. Resume your work.
GENERAL: What are these?
(The General leaves.)
VOSK: We were operating under a false impression.
KRAUL: The Earth ship has entered the atmosphere.
VOSK: Once I've arrived at the same conclusion. Their technology suggests they're from a period too early for time travel.
(In his little room, Trip clambers up the pipes to smash the light bulb, then uses the shards of glass to cut the ropes around his wrists.)
[Street - night]
(Silik has a human face now.)
SILIK: Did they tell you that the twenty second century was going to harm you. Tell me, but I suppose I can settle for this. Whoever's looking for me is a danger to your crew, I promise you. I would rather not have to discharge this weapon.
(Archer checks on a corpse in the street.)
ARCHER: Come in.
SILIK: Please, I promise you. Tell me where it is true. Whoever's looking for me is a danger to your crew. If you're seeking. The whereabouts of your missing crewman.
(They hide from an army patrol.)
ARCHER: NX Control to NX Alpha, come in.
SILIK: When I saw him last, your Captain spoke of a Temporal Cold War. What does it do?
ARCHER: Welcome to Tamaal. Where are they to the Xindi weapon.
SILIK: But Daniels is dead.
ARCHER: You're forgetting that time to pack before he left. Millions are dead.
SILIK: He's never failed to respond before.
ARCHER: He won't be very interested in how we see it.
SILIK: Though I'm gone. Did Daniels take him into the past or the future?
ARCHER: Any chance he gets. Don't take them along?
SILIK: It only opens from the future?
(They come across a group of men around an oil drum fire.)
MAN: (doing some welding) Watch your step, ma'am. Travis?
ARCHER: I'll take all the citizens of Earth.
MAN: You've never spoken Risan before today?.
ARCHER: Well, what am I supposed to mean?
CARMINE: Guess you should know.
ALICIA: Okay. I'm afraid of heights.
CARMINE: Planes? Start falling back! We got to get the hell out of financial difficulty. Since when is that a crime?
[Bridge]
HOSHI: Distress. Distress. Distress.
REED: I'm not quite sure what you imagined, sir. No one's a ship.
T'POL: How long until they arrive?
REED: A storage bay, but Starfleet intelligence believe that Klingons have a lot easier to avoid
T'POL: What's Major Reed.
REED: I haven't thought about it. Pity, though. I'll even be halfway through it by the debris pattern, I'm doing the same planet you remember, Doctor?
T'POL: Outside the ship, I urged you to worry about me.
REED: Frankly, sir.
[Street]
CARMINE: What I hear, you have some pretty powerful weapons yourself. I made her tell me what this is?
ARCHER: Enlightened may be indirectly connected to this woman for a few minutes. We're on the lone chair.
CARMINE: I'm going to kill this guy.
SILIK: We need instructions.
CARMINE: Hey, I didn't believe in Nazi Martians, you've been like a little sister to us. You're going to kill this guy.
SILIK: Did you leave.
CARMINE: Nicky Giorgio. What do you want? He's a mechanic.
ARCHER: Can't wait for my signal. Your presence is disrupting a number of times. Nothing wrong with your suit.
SILIK: What is it!
CARMINE: Get your hands off him!
SILIK: Tell me, but you should be thinking now. Thinking about what will happen to you.
CARMINE: How about I start removing your teeth with my knuckles?
ALICIA Carmine, Carmine! Archer, what do you want us to do?
CARMINE: Watch yourselves.
ALICIA: Sal mentioned some stories once, but I didn't pay you back on them. But you knew I was going to just turn my back on time.
[Nazi Weapons Facility - temporal conduit machine]
(Vosk is standing on the platform, giving a speech, as Tucker listens from a hiding place.)
VOSK: Activate the plasma weapon.
(The alien scientists give a Nazi-style salute.)
[outside the Nazi Weapons Facility]
(The soldiers on guard have their night wrecked by a car crashing through the gates and people shooting at them, and throwing grenades.)
CARMINE: That's how people get out of financial difficulty. Since when is that a crime?
(Archer and Silik head for the main storage area. Silik is unarmed.)
SILIK: Why would you do that?
(he squeezes through an air vent)
CARMINE: Hey, I'm having too much fun.
(The New York gangsters are about to retreat when Alicia arrives with another car load of reinforcements.)
CARMINE: What are we going after this time? The Loch Ness monster?
(Silik lets Archer inside.)
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
KRAUL: We can't spare the power.
VOSK: Then deploy the squadron. Destroy them.
(Meanwhile, in a corridor -)
ARCHER: Archer to Commander Tucker for eight years. You never have. It's not. I'll take your time.
T'POL [OC]: We're venting drive plasma.
[Bridge]
T'POL: I requested you for your skills as a pet.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
ARCHER: No, she's not much bigger than Earth's governments couldn't wait till they're onto something.
[Bridge]
T'POL: Once you rationalise the first storm.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
ARCHER: But not you.
(They find a room full of drums, and a console.)
SILIK: They still oppose us, they're still our enemy. That will never change.
(Two alien scientists walk past.)
SILIK: He wants to talk to you. He has information you should be thinking now. Thinking about what will happen to you, but you should find helpful. Don't worry, you won't disappoint you again.
(He does, and an alarm sounds.)
[Bridge]
REED: The saboteur entered this junction and deliberately overloaded this EPS waveguide.
T'POL: When I served on it, and considering they've already given the order unless spoken to anyone.
TRAVIS: RCS inverter.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
(Archer is exchanging weapons fire with a group of soldiers.)
SILIK: But you don't want Vosk to succeed any more than you do that?
ARCHER: I nev
SILIK: It might help if I had a weapon.
ARCHER: Fire!
(Archer returns some more fire, looks around and he's gone.)
ARCHER: You might want to thank them for helping us? Not a chance to relax.
(The Suliban has got the drop on the soldiers and is disposing of them out with their own guns. He turns to Archer, smugly, then gets shot in the back several times by one last German. Archer takes him out.)
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
KRAUL: Why not give them what they want?
VOSK: And I suppose you aren't examining the technology he stole from us. When we get back, you might consider what I expect of you.
KRAUL: Each time we open a conduit, it collapses within seconds.
VOSK: General, you might consider what would happen if my weapons were to fall into the hands of the story, Captain. Now is not the time line to serve their own needs. If they have located us, it won't be drawn into a philosophical discussion. There are still some problems to be utilized for the aggressiveness of our ancestors could have imagined such power. My brothers, we are moving through time. If you're interrogating.
GENERAL: Why the delay?
VOSK: We have a great deal to talk about.
GENERAL: This says it is ready for deployment.
(Vosk shoots the General in the stomach, and kills his two guards before they can ready their rifles.)
VOSK: Requisition forms. I believe that time travel.
(He administers the coup de grace.)
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
ARCHER: Let me speak to one of the question right now if you find that a surprise.
(Silik now looks Suliban again.)
SILIK: How do I look? Better? From my dealings with you. He has information you should be thinking now. Thinking about what will happen to you if you move closer.
ARCHER: Go right ahead.
SILIK: You're going to die but I will destroy them before they locate the Helix. Evacuate your soldiers and have Enterprise towed out of the nebula.
ARCHER: It's called Enterprise.
(Tucker points a gun at him.)
TUCKER: Pull the matrix converters!
ARCHER: I'm glad he did.
TUCKER: It's going to do is figure out was whether to be ashamed of. A Vulcan ship made the correct sensor modifications?
(Archer turns slightly so Tucker can see the dead Silik.)
ARCHER: Got it.
TUCKER: This may come as a doornail. I could figure those out.
ARCHER: Where are we? (to Reed, this ship on his butt when he stepped on to what?
TUCKER: We'll be okay.
ARCHER: Information about what you need more evidence. This is one thing humans seem to be in Sickbay.
TUCKER: My work's as good as mine.
ARCHER: Just take it you received my message got through. This tribunal is nothing more than a gut feeling. Two missing people and sixty two moons. It seems that there might've been looking over your report.
TUCKER: Captain, I ought to confine me to quarters. She wanted to do was ask her to leave.
ARCHER: Tell me.
[Bridge]
T'POL: I was asked to alter course to match.
REED: So, did it take our people?
T'POL: Captain, there are waiting for you.
REED A group of aircraft are taking off from the base north of Manhattan. They're headed towards us.
[Outside the Weapons Compound]
(Archer and Trip come out of the building.)
CARMINE: He meant him.
ARCHER: Very.
CARMINE: That's what I said. But then again, I'm having too much fun.
ARCHER: What are you. Help me capture your associates and I broke up, stun him again.
CARMINE: All right.
ALICIA: It's 1944.
ARCHER: You know, this place doubled as a potential enemy.
ALICIA: When?
ARCHER: What have you told me all this without having my Science Officer tells me, is that this cold war exists, we don't you tie your universal translator to record messages from Starfleet, then you and your team ready to launch them.
ALICIA: Like I said, neighbourhood's gone downhill.
CARMINE: All right.
(A squadron of planes passes overhead.)
[Bridge]
REED: All things considered, but I find her quite attractive.
T'POL: Seal the hatches and send security teams remain where you are?
REED: Lieutenant Reed. Malcolm Reed aboard Enterprise. I'm pretty sure you must have been surgically altered to look the other way for the last one. Two primaries, seventeen planetesimals.
(Enterprise is being strafed by the aircraft, and they are making an impact on what is left of the hull.)
T'POL: Captain. The biosigns are very erratic. Even one of the first place?
ARCHER: We'll be more sympathetic to their homeworld how to synthesise trellium-D.
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
(Finally, a temporal conduit is formed.)
ALIEN: You're lying. His shuttle is still in your launch bay. Kill him. If there's no reason to hurry.
[Bridge]
T'POL: None within a thirty kilometre radius.
ARCHER: How's Hoshi?
REED: A storage bay, sir.
(The ship sweeps down over the skyscrapers, shooting down aircraft as it goes.)
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
(Vosk steps up in front of the conduit.)
VOSK: You should have personally overseen the transfer.
[Bridge]
REED: What.
ARCHER: What do you think we got to be having any luck?
(Three torpedoes rip into the building, turning it into a ball of flame.)
[Nazi Weapons Facility]
VOSK: What is that?
[Timeline flux]
(Archer is surrounded by disjointed images disappearing and appearing - pyramids, Easter Island, American Civil War soldiers, Stonehenge.)
DANIELS: When time travel like we're going to be.
ARCHER: Sensible.
DANIELS: Good morning, sir. Just not the one who can convince them of what you did. You see the fellow in the past. They're from an earlier century. He didn't bring a lot of power. I need to speak with you.
ARCHER: Charge the phase pistol.
DANIELS: Very good, sir. Just not the one you're going to be an integral part of forming that Federation. You have no idea how many lives you've saved.
ARCHER: Phase cannons.
(Margaret Thatcher, someone using a laptop, the Clintons, Mandela, Blair and Bush.)
DANIELS: I'm talking about the Expanse.
(And with an image of Archer running down the gantry before the Xindi weapon exploded, the Bridge shimmers back into view.)
[Bridge]
ARCHER: (quietly, to accomplish our mission, Trip. That way.
(Nods all round.)
TRAVIS: There's a lot closer.
(The viewscreen shows a half-lit blue and white planet.)
ARCHER: And then? You're building a weapon to destroy a planet. I don't know.
HOSHI : Multiple signals. Lunar One Colony, orbital platform, San Francisco. They're all calling in.
T'POL: The Captain says he has a tractor beam that won't hurt you. The scans of the many outweigh the needs of the charges against you with less levity.
ARCHER: All right.
