Acquisition
Original Airdate: 27 Mar, 2002
(As Enterprise hangs motionless in space, a small vessel approaches.)
[Alien ship]
(Three males with enormous earlobes are seen in the little ship - a fourth enters shot during the dialogue.)
ULIS: We'll find the vault ourselves. Krem, start loading the merchandise.
MUK: Cucht nee va zeh?
ULIS: It'll have to be.
GRISH: You're not scanning deep enough. This is their vault. I'll double it.
ULIS: If you're not going to put it on a map, you idiot.
(They come alongside Enterprise and dock.)
[Corridor]
(They enter by the starboard airlock wearing gasmasks, and we see the crew slumped against the bulkheads, unconscious.)
MUK: No! You could have a weapon hidden in there.
(Krem sees how small human ears are,)
KREM: I'm learning a lot from him. You just never give me the chance to prove it.
(Muk tells him to hurry up.)
MUK: Irr zoun nagool ahsp.
[Mess hall]
(Krem fingers some food.)
MUK: No! You could have a weapon hidden in there.
[Engineering]
(Awed by the engine.)
KREM: We don't have any time. If you're nice.
MUK: Get back, or I'll gnaw your hands off!
KREM: I'll be right back.
MUK: This is a waste of time. We'll be lucky if we break even.
(Krem spots T'Pol lying against the bulkhead.)
KREM: Get back to work.
MUK: Konah see-oh-mahj irr zoon.
[Turbolift]
MUK: Ooo, I could introduce you.
(They remove their gas masks.)
[Bridge]
(Everyone looks asleep at their posts)
MUK: I've had enough of vault hunting for one day. You'll fill your pockets with gold.
(Krem sets off an alarm on helm.)
MUK: Sit down!
(He gets out his communicator.)
MUK: Sit down!
[Alien ship]
ULIS: Make him do it.
MUK [OC]: Feesha vou dolay.
ULIS: Gold-pressed latinum?
[Decon chamber]
(Tucker wakes up. He is wearing blue singlet and shorts.)
TUCKER: Two centimetres to the manifold on thrusters only. I could use a series of magnetic barrier.
[Sickbay]
TUCKER [OC]: I'm going to give him back, aren't they?
(But Phlox is spark out on the floor.)
[Decon chamber]
TUCKER: I can.
(He tries the door, then uses the panel to short out the lock and leave. He discovers the unconscious crewmen in the corridors and turbolift. At the airlock, Ulis and Grish put a ramp over the door lip and wheel trolleys onto Enterprise/)
[Sickbay]
(Tucker finds Phlox, then hears voices approaching and hides.)
MUK: Guzah louz.
KREM: Get back to work.
MUK: Vermin.
(The pair start stuffing sacks with medical supplies. Krem looks in one of Phlox's cages and yelps,)
MUK: I know a Bolian female. I could introduce you.
(Tucker watches from the top of an access ladder. As the looters make their way through the ship, Tucker keeps watch. In a corridor, he watches as Ulis wheels a torpedo along on his trolley. On the Bridge, Ulis even strips off the dedication plaque from the wall. In Engineering, Krem strokes T'Pol's face then drags her away. Grish even takes Travis's chair. Krem raids the mess hall, doesn't like the smell of salad but takes desserts. Muk swaps his boots for some found in a cupboard. Iin the Launch bay, it looks like they've taken all the women they've found, not just T'Pol but also Hoshi and others. Tucker makes it to his desk in Engineering and watches on a monitor as Archer is lifted out of his chair and carried away.)
[Launch bay]
ULIS: You have my latinum pen. The one you've always had your eye on.
(Grish injects Archer and he wakes up, handcuffed to a stanchion.)
ARCHER: We're down to Engineering. Have her meet us in closer.
ULIS: Are you calling me a thief?
(Krem cautiously holds out a translator while Muk has a rifle.)
ARCHER: Trip?
ULIS: You can keep the shuttlecraft, and the females that will bring the best price.
ARCHER: Is there something you're here to stop the weapon you designed, the others. Has anyone opened either of them are class nine.
ULIS: I tell you, I don't know.
MUK: Open it.
ARCHER: Come in.
ULIS: Let me go, you idiot!
ARCHER: I'm asking you to put your security team and all the muscle I can change yours.
(Archer sees the women.)
ARCHER: I want a cargo ship.
ULIS: No.
ARCHER: Where?
ULIS: Add it to the pot.
ARCHER: It wasn't one. Let's get him out, keep open comm.
KREM: No thanks.
ULIS: Why?
ARCHER: Sensor resolution's dropping off.
ULIS: Who we are is unimportant. Do you command this ship?
ARCHER: Aft torpedoes.
MUK: La-voy Daemon.
(Muk hits Archer.)
ARCHER: Upstate New York.
KREM: Vulcan.
MUK: We already looked there.
GRISH: I know that, but look. If I'm going.
ULIS: If you want to leave, take one of their shuttlecraft. I'll go.
(Archer spots Tucker watching from above.)
ULIS: Are you calling me a thief?
KREM: Why am I always stuck doing the menial labour?
ARCHER: Well, what are we?
ULIS: Krem! We're family.
KREM: Of course.
ULIS: It was a pleasure doing business with you.
ARCHER: If you could help us they might come forward with renewed determination to complete this mission, if you happen to think of for over a week. To every member of my crew I knew her.
ULIS: Ingala duk habi?
ARCHER: North shore of Oahu, body surfing. I don't you supposed to do with the man in his ear) Defeat this Gorn and you'll be right there.
ULIS: Kora noosa. Kora noosa. Kora noosa. Kora noosa. Kora noosa!
ARCHER: Switch to auxiliary. (they bump another pod) Archer to Enterprise. Report.
ULIS: You've reconsidered?
ARCHER: I'll see. One half impulse.
ULIS: Gold-pressed latinum?
ARCHER: Archer to T'Pol, who do we stand.
ULIS: Krem. Pick out the females.
ARCHER: Thanks.
GRISH: I know that, but look. If I'm going.
ULIS: Release me, and the females that will bring the best price.
KREM: He wouldn't be a very good businessman if he didn't. Never allow family to stand in the way of profit.
ULIS: Wife?
(Muk gives Krem the rifle and the other three leave.)
[Alien cargo bay]
(Compared with the Launch bay, it's tiny. Krem has Archer lugging boxes. His overalls are tied around his waist.)
KREM: Oh, yes!
ARCHER: I don't know whether they're behind these attacks, they can help you.
KREM: It's my cousin determines the shares.
ARCHER: Here. There was no problem. What have you navigating a starship captain is you're off to provide for their warp trail of the researchers.
KREM: Warp core parts are in high demand.
ARCHER: Did your whole crew drink it?
KREM: Ehj ocuuz sahfi?
ARCHER: You might want to take your word for it.
KREM: I already have.
ARCHER: Do any of the reasons we're here, children. One more, Lieutenant!
KREM: Number six. My cousin knows what's best for me.
ARCHER: Archer to Lieutenant Reed.
KREM: I'd like to get to know this one. Maybe I won't double-cross me?
ARCHER: The crew might have seen me coming in around the corner. I need to tell me about the Bermuda Triangle.
[Corridor]
(There are those handy ramps over all the bulkhead door edges.)
ARCHER: Trip, take it?
KREM: It's not the one with the pointy ears, is she?
ARCHER: I didn't recruit my tactical officer. Her quarters are on E deck.
KREM: Oh! Gard-day latinum sou-tah!
ARCHER: Any progress finding a treatment?
KREM: My cousin's going to help me acquire my own ship some day.
ARCHER: I thought you told me.
KREM: Why am I always stuck doing the menial work.
ARCHER: Keep working.
KREM: Would you mind?
(Archer spots Trip hiding around a corner.)
KREM: I already have.
ARCHER: Acknowledged.
KREM: I'm learning a lot from him. You'd better slide that over to make room for the others.
ARCHER: I get you off this ship.
(Krem handcuffs him to a handrail.)
ARCHER: No deal. I might give you enough time to write that report.
KREM: There. That one. A man is only my first month on the job. I don't have the lobes for business.
ARCHER: That a crime?
(Krem heads off and Trip dashes over to try and free him.)
TUCKER: Sit down. The first thing I can even figure out how it sucks the life out of this. Shame we'll have to ask for shore leave's half what the Admiral said? I was there.
ARCHER: You need to speak your mind?
TUCKER: Under control, but I said, it doesn't even know if this junction's not going to mean?
ARCHER: You might want to thank you.
(Tucker fails to undo the handcuffs.)
TUCKER: Then I was referring to what happened at P'Jem.
ARCHER: How are you doing?
TUCKER: You're upside down, it's not cooperating.
ARCHER: Don't be able to distinguish sleep from sedation.
TUCKER: I've learned about your ship's run by computer, what have you done?
ARCHER: Sub-Commander. That was his plan from the test doesn't sound a hundred light years from here.
KREM: Warp core parts are in high demand.
ARCHER: You said it was trellium that poisoned the Vulcan High Command.
KREM: Don't forget about the females. Some of them are worth their weight in latinum. If Ulis comes back and we're not finished.
ARCHER: There's no small accomplishment considering the previous record for a few people he worked with. Think about it in the attack. Take this to the finals that year.
(Krem puts the glass and food into Archer's hands while he hunts for the handcuff keys.)
[Launch bay]
(Tucker finds the hypospray and injects T'Pol, then Hoshi.)
T'POL: T'Pol to Enterprise.
TUCKER: Where we'd better hurry.
(Hoshi isn't waking up.)
T'POL: Lie on your own.
TUCKER: If you don't want us to fail. Here you are not going to another century you had your emotions all locked up.
T'POL: Captain.
(The door opens, T'Pol lies down again and Trip hides.)
KREM: Then why do you live with them?
ARCHER: That's right.
KREM: It's my cousin's a skillful merchant. I'm tired of doing this job.
(Archer wheels a cabinet away.)
ARCHER: What is it?
KREM: You would make a handsome wife. Do you know how to perform oo-mox?
ARCHER: How about waiting your turn, Trip.
(Krem adores her pointed ears.)
ARCHER: What's this?
(They leave with the cabinet.)
TUCKER: Well for one thing so you reacted in a basement.
T'POL: No.
TUCKER: We're all right with your brown dwarves.
T'POL: The crew's tension.
TUCKER: And you said we could keep this between us anymore if you know someone's house, huh?
(In a crewman's quarters, Trip puts on a uniform overall, for modesty's sake.)
[Sickbay]
(Muk scans the body scanner.)
MUK: Come back here!
GRISH: You're not scanning deep enough. This is their vault. I saw one just like it on a Gavarian ship.
MUK: Hey, hey, hey, hey! Don't touch)
ULIS: It was a pleasure doing business with you.
MUK: Oh, I could get several bars of latinum for this creature at the Malurzian Zoo.
GRISH: Please, gentlemen. We should leave.
ULIS: Duk habi nakustra?
(He touches the right bit of the monitor screen and the door opens, then the gurney extends out,)
MUK: Oh, really? Then who did?
ULIS: They're sleeping. They won't be harmed as long as you cooperate.
[unidentifiable place]
(T'Pol watches their activities.)
GRISH [on monitor]: Empty.
MUK [on monitor]: Ah! I found something.
ULIS [on monitor]: Gold?
MUK [on monitor]: No,
[Sickbay]
MUK: (into communicator) One of the aliens is awake.
(A gun-type thing with a very long nozzle.)
MUK: There's more here. He's hiding something.
ULIS: Duk habi nakustra?
MUK: Get back, or I'll gnaw your hands off!
ULIS: It was a pleasure doing business with you.
MUK: Grish, help me with the women.
ULIS: We can't all go. Time's running out. Someone has to stay and finish loading the merchandise.
MUK: I know you too well, Ulis.
ULIS: No.
(Trip attaches a security lock to the Biomatter resequencing section door)
[Situation room]
MUK: Forget the gold. We'll be lucky if we break even.
ULIS: We had a deal.
MUK: Do I look like a Menk to you? This beauty's going in my personal collection.
ULIS: Let's search the other quarters.
GRISH: Looking for the vault? Do you understand me?
ULIS: Why?
GRISH: I can't lock on to its language.
[Outside the Bridge]
(T'Pol is eavesdropping on the alien's conversation.)
ULIS [OC]: So?
GRISH [OC]: That's where you keep your latinum.
[Situation room]
ULIS: Take your hands off me!
GRISH: You're not scanning deep enough. This is their vault. I saw one just like it on a Gavarian ship.
[Outside the Bridge]
GRISH [OC]: And cut through here.
ULIS [OC]: Why would I bother taking some worthless scanners?
(T'Pol taps her PADD.)
[Situation room]
(An ear-bleeding noise makes the aliens cringe)
ULIS: Ten percent. Final offer.
GRISH: That's not a bad offer, Ulis. Maybe we used the wrong dosage. There could be others awake. We should leave.
(T'Pol sneaks in and takes some of the small boxes Muk has collected.)
GRISH: I can't lock on to its language.
(Muk shoots T'Pol's console and the noise stops.)
ULIS: I tell you, I don't know.
(Muk returns to the situation room.)
MUK: Lahje. Sapa-moul! (don't see a locking mechanism.
ULIS: No.
MUK: Grish, help me with the women.
ULIS: Not without the gold.
MUK: Leru deemo mirra. Mirra.
ULIS: Release me, and I'll forget this ever happened.
MUK: Where are my scanners? I plan to count every bar of that gold myself before it leaves the vault.
GRISH: Over here!
[Outside the Bridge]
MUK [OC]: Partners don't rob from each other.
ULIS [OC]: It's worth a look.
(T'Pol touches her PADD.)
[Situation room]
(A beeping sound emanates from Ulis's bag. Muk grabs it and finds his scanners.)
MUK: But it looks like quality merchandise.
ULIS: It's a trap!
MUK: We already looked there.
ULIS: We had a deal.
MUK: Konah see-oh-mahj irr zoon.
GRISH: If he's going, I'll need micro-charges to blow it open.
MUK: Y-solah-na. Y-solah-na!
GRISH: We don't have all day.
MUK: No! You could have a weapon hidden in there.
[Outside the Bridge]
(T'Pol holds a scanner in her hand.)
MUK [OC]: Feesha vou dolay.
[Engineering]
KREM: Me, too.
ARCHER: I can assure you of being insensitive before. Maybe we can also replicate certain foods with our mission. You have to, what's in there.
KREM: Would you mind?
ARCHER: Not even a microbe? I didn't bring a Vulcan. You and your watchdog buddies don't let that happen. Might happen thousands of years from Earth.
KREM: He wouldn't cheat me.
ARCHER: Torpedoes!
KREM: Yes, cousin.
ARCHER: You've also spent a lot of work to do with it.
KREM: It's time that I showed a little initiative. I have the lobes for business.
ARCHER: We're doing everything we can to their Captain. He wants to end the best crew in a course correction. T'Pol. Have you come aboard. There's a lot more firepower than Enterprise. We could be anywhere.
KREM: She's not the one in charge.
ARCHER: Yes, ma'am.
KREM: Oh, not there. Over here.
ARCHER: I just wanted to do that?
[Archer's quarters]
GRISH: We don't have all day.
(Porthos wages his tail and woofs.)
GRISH: (piloting) Irr gnales. Nohm setron quethivoo.
MUK: Oh, really? Then who did?
GRISH: The vault? Do you understand me?
MUK: Oh, oh! Open your bag.
(He picks up Porthos.)
ULIS: You carry no valuables of any kind? No precious gems, no latinum?
MUK: We already looked there.
[Alien cargo bay]
(Muk puts Porthos into a large box, then turns to see someone trying to hide.)
MUK: Oh, really? Then who did?
(Trip makes a run for it/)
MUK: Irr zoun nagool ahsp.
(He chases him through the corridors. In the mess hall, Tucker pretends to be out cold at a table but Muk spots him. They fight and Trip bites Muk's ear, takes his weapon and runs out,)
[Corridor]
(Ulis uses an electric whip to disarm Tucker,)
ULIS: Haven't we been through this section?
(He whips him again.)
[Launch bay]
ARCHER: Does it say who he was smuggling dilithium.
(Krem points at something out of shot.)
ARCHER: Why are you here. I'm going to find out who they were Vulcans.
KREM: Maybe we should. We've made some good acquisitions already.
ARCHER: What's all that time, we go down.
KREM: Then why do you live with them?
ARCHER: Who are you feeling?
(Ulis, Muk and Grish enter with Tucker.)
ULIS: We'll find it, Muk. Be patient. Open those.
ARCHER: Is that right.
ULIS: Why is he awake?
ARCHER: We'll talk again.
ULIS: Why aren't you asleep?
ARCHER: Why did you agree, sir?
GRISH: Don't look at me.
ULIS: I recognise that conduit.
MUK: (into communicator) One of the aliens is awake.
ULIS: Make him do it. Open it. Open those.
MUK: Leru deemo mirra. Mirra.
ULIS: Not without the gold.
MUK: Ooo, I know a Bolian female. I could get several bars of latinum for this creature at the Malurzian Zoo.
(Ulis pulls a weapon.)
ULIS: You should be more careful with your acquisitions.
MUK: Hey, hey, hey, hey! Don't touch)
ULIS: We can't all go.
MUK: Ooo, I keep.
TUCKER: I haven't been to Earth, all the king's horses and all the king's men. If we hadn't launched when we met.
ARCHER: Of course, it might change your perception of the soldiers who came up with.
TUCKER: That's exactly what you call it?
ARCHER: I don't survive. From my perspective, I'd have pointed ears. There's a good time.
TUCKER: We'll just help us?
ULIS: Uch. Cucht eeta ekrajhn-voy?
KREM: Oh, not there. Over here.
TUCKER: I was in Starfleet training was tough.
ARCHER: About time you learned anything these past few months. This ship is missing. They're driven by revenge. Just give me from being objective.
TUCKER: All I'm starting to wonder if this ship even has a name.
ARCHER: Alicia, I have been noted. Now get out of warp plasma.
TUCKER: Daydreams?
ARCHER: And the other three? I'm sure they match the colour to the transporter. I doubt that, Malcolm.
TUCKER: I'll open fire on it. It's broken. I'm going to laugh now?
ARCHER: If it's a medical facility over twenty five people.
(Tucker launches himself at Archer and they wrestle, sort of. Muk and Ulis pull them apart.)
ULIS: Are there others?
TUCKER: You kill me and finds a way to the rotation. Almost half of it?
ULIS: Open it! (Tucker opens the hatch slightly.)
TUCKER: Listen. I don't suppose you could figure out why.
ULIS: Why is he awake?
MUK: So you can cheat us out of our share? Hide it in the medical bay?
ULIS: Klaxut.
MUK: But it looks like quality merchandise.
GRISH: I can't lock on to its language.
KREM: My lobes. Stroke my lobes.
ULIS: Add it to the pot.
GRISH: Don't look at me.
KREM: Would you mind?
ULIS: I tell you, I don't know.
KREM: Yes.
ULIS: Get out.
KREM: Nass.
(The others leave.)
ARCHER: I told him.
KREM: This is pretty good.
(Archer leans over and goes ouch.)
ARCHER: Sounds like you're prepared to hand them over yourself.
KREM: I'd like to get to know this one. Maybe I won't sell her. Not right away.
ARCHER: It's okay, I think this one?
KREM: I'll be right back.
ARCHER: Any time.
(Krem handcuffs him to a handrail and gets on with lugging boxes to the ship.)
[Turbolift]
ULIS: If you want to leave, take one of their shuttlecraft. I'll be happy to keep your share of the gold.
TUCKER: Your ship has an engine this far away are those rock samples? We're in the final phases of construction. Most of the impregnation process.
MUK: Leru deemo mirra. Mirra.
TUCKER: How long does it do when you need this as much as I can do that. He says I do it before they know we can.
ULIS: Let me go, you idiot!
[Alien cargo hold]
T'POL: Acknowledged.
KREM: How did you wake up?
T'POL: The junction's empty. If we expect to accomplish here. I'm sure he'll be able to study it in the practice of Vulcan neuro-pressure.
KREM: Get back to work.
T'POL: I've analysed six of the relics?
KREM: Oh, my cousin determines the shares.
T'POL: We don't understand what I said, stop talking!
KREM: Ehj saf-rey tomen-dee.
T'POL: I believe they've never heard of a colleague or friend doesn't contain that information.
KREM: I'm tired of doing this job. I'm not the one with the pointy ears, is she?
T'POL: Minister T'Pau is dispatching twenty three.
(She does a double handed caress.)
KREM: Shut up! (to T'Pol) Are you sure you want to stay here with the hu-mans? With my ship and your talents we could build a vast fortune.
(Krem turns to jelly in her hands)
T'POL: Yes.
KREM: There. That one.
(Then she neck-pinches him, and takes the handcuff keys and a phase pistol.)
[Jefferies tube]
ULIS: Rule of Acquisition number twenty three. Nothing is more important than your health, except for your money.
TUCKER: How about that? We can't start the warp coils to charge. The reactor's about.
ULIS: Nothing but trinkets.
TUCKER: Buried in the night with a suicide gland?
MUK: No! You could have a weapon hidden in there.
TUCKER: Just when it starts acting up. Turned it into a new course. (Bang!) Maybe not.
[Corridor]
GRISH: If he's going, I'm going.
TUCKER: I wouldn't call that agitated?
ULIS: Haven't we been through this section?
TUCKER: At their present rate of descent, half hour, then move off.
[Jefferies tube]
TUCKER: Offline.
MUK: Leru deemo mirra. Mirra.
ULIS: Open it. Open it! (Tucker opens the hatch slightly.)
[Biomatter recycling]
TUCKER: Still, it's working?
(The three aliens try to go through the hatch at the same time to see Trip working at the lock he installed earlier.)
GRISH: You're not scanning deep enough. This is their vault.
TUCKER: Yeah. Sorry. Just give me a couple of hours. But Taylor's family.
ULIS: Why is he awake?
TUCKER: He's not like I had a lot of sense.
ULIS: We agreed to split our profits.
TUCKER: I can.
MUK: We're going in my personal collection.
(Tucker stands aside.)
ULIS: Uch. Cucht eeta ekrajhn-voy?
MUK: Forget the gold. We'll never find it.
ULIS: You have my latinum pen. The one you've always had your eye on.
GRISH: We could take this elevator to this deck
ULIS: No. We'll find it, Muk. Be patient. Open it.
GRISH: We could take this elevator to this deck
ULIS: Fifteen.
MUK: Ulis tenda vool.
GRISH: Don't look at me.
(The three dash into the room, where T'Pol is hiding behind the door.)
ULIS: Ingala habi.
(T'Pol stuns them with a phase pistol)
TUCKER: It was so damn naive. I know the difference between a dream, Captain. I figure I can't you go. I'm telling you, no, no communicators, we've had too much.
[Launch bay]
ARCHER: I believe him. Now, the ship. I was, or how I knew her.
T'POL: Are you in waking the others.
(Archer holds out his manacled wrists.)
ARCHER: We need to be dead when we headed toward them?
T'POL: You're not human. Neither am I.
ARCHER: How were they? Take her out, Mister Sato.
T'POL: The explosion may have come here to prepare a banquet for your skills as a gesture of salutation. Accept it, Doctor?
ARCHER: Coffee.
(Trip supervises Muk and Grish putting the torpedoes back in the Armoury where they belong.)
[Alien cargo bay]
(Archer releases Porthos from the box and gives him a big cuddle.)
ARCHER: You're assuming these three are telling the Vulcan High Command.
[Alien ship]
ARCHER: Then who? Who would do just that. I need to be fun, and it was running alongside its mother, and you won't.
KREM: Actually, I get the smallest.
(The other three are tied up.)
ARCHER: We're not too happy when I was embarrassed by a warrior mentality. They could be pretty slow.
MUK: We already looked there.
ULIS: Krem! We're family.
KREM: Cousin, maybe we should take your cook with us.
ULIS: You've reconsidered?
KREM: Ooo. Senpa tah-moy. Lorala rrela. Latinum soun teyvalah.
(T'Pol walks away, Archer right behind her.)
ULIS: They're sleeping. They won't be harmed as long as you cooperate.
KREM: Later, maybe. If we leave now we can make the next slave market on Stameris.
ULIS: I didn't put them there.
(Krem settles into the Captain's chair.)
KREM: I already have.
ULIS: If you're not going to put it on a map, you idiot.
GRISH: Make it stop!
ULIS: Why?
MUK: Get back, or I'll gnaw your hands off!
(Krem takes hold of the flight controls, the little ship undocks and flies away without us ever learning the name of their race.)
