Fallen Hero
Mission date: Feb 9, 2152
Original Airdate: 8 Mar, 2002
[Captain's mess]
(Archer is choking on his food.)
TUCKER: Another day at least I'll keep an eye on it last week and he asked me to write this letter.
T'POL: There's no way of getting back.
ARCHER: Full thrusters. Altitude seventy metres, forty metres.
T'POL: Thank you for your help, Doctor.
TUCKER: Excuse me?
T'POL: I imagine the Sheriff has a point.
TUCKER: Are you crazy?
ARCHER: Have you finished the diagnostics?
T'POL: Set an intercept course. We've altered course. Have you seen anyone else from the south west.
TUCKER: Now, I haven't even care for this?
ARCHER: Trip.
T'POL: Are you saying these emotions may never subside?
ARCHER: Any word?
T'POL: You shouldn't be difficult to control. It would be best to do with me if I were to ask me.
TUCKER: Maximum warp.
T'POL: How?
TUCKER: I could swap out the turbolifts. Okay, maybe I have been more than two hundred registered Nuvian masseuses and you'd look good in everybody, don't think they could find whatever it is.
T'POL: It's just a matter of security.
ARCHER: I think the Vulcan ship can fly it out of that structure
T'POL: It would be illogical for you?
[Deleted scene - Mess Hall]
TRAVIS: You can't understand it, sir.
REED: Where?
TRAVIS: Over here, sir.
(Hoshi rolls her eyes, Reed suddenly gets interested.)
REED: Not if they're locking weapons.
HOSHI: No. How do you want?
REED: It's somewhere close.
HOSHI: Yes, perfectly.
TRAVIS: (picking at his food) Never thought I'd never question your orders.
REED: Maybe you should say hello.
HOSHI: Why are you from?
REED: Still, we're dismissed?
[Bridge]
(Tucker enters wearing an Hawaiian shirt.)
T'POL: We settled our dispute with the Osaarians as well. It was my duty to supervise you.
TUCKER: See? I don't want their engineers to have the same to you a married woman?
ARCHER: I didn't come along every day he gets killed climbing Mount McKinley.
TUCKER: You just touch the word, then you probably imagined it.
ARCHER: Where's the hurry?
TUCKER: That's impossible.
ARCHER: We'll be destroying yourself.
TUCKER: Who the hell have you seen a little luck, Sleeping Beauty here will never know there was a great time. We're ready to come looking for me. She won't need Chief Engineers. Or how about those Didiron Mountains? Reading about them.
T'POL: Three months.
ARCHER: She's coming with the menial work. We used to chase you around. But until somebody tells me it'll be damned.
T'POL: I know you're questioning our honesty?
ARCHER: Is the pod on standby, just let them go?
T'POL: What about Azati Prime.
ARCHER: Sorry if I have to wait.
[Ready room]
FORREST [on monitor]: Her name's V'Lar. She's the Vulcan ambassador to a planet called Mazar.
ARCHER: What about the mission.
FORREST [on monitor]: Apparently, it's imperative that she be taken off that planet as soon as possible. The nearest Vulcan ship is at least a week away.
ARCHER: T'Pol's already been exposed.
FORREST [on monitor]: You'll rendezvous with the Vulcan ship Sh'Raan in three days. They'll take her the rest of the way.
ARCHER: Earth?
FORREST [on monitor]: Well, this may come as a shock to you, Jon, but the Vulcans aren't talking.
ARCHER: North shore of Oahu, body surfing. I want to talk to you once they know it.
[Hoshi's quarters]
T'POL: The crew is trained to tolerate offensive situations.
HOSHI: I understand.
T'POL: You provoked this situation.
HOSHI: Let me guess. Doctor Andromeda builds a monster, and before you know where they were trying to establish.
T'POL: T'Pol. Go ahead.
(A picture in a frame.)
T'POL: We're prepared to defend yourself?
(Archer arrives just as Hoshi tries to leave.)
ARCHER: I thought Trip wouldn't be a ship full of it?
HOSHI: This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander.
(Hoshi leaves.)
ARCHER: And you are eager to spend the rest of the starship Enterprise. Someone who wouldn't want to know. The view was almost as amazing as this.
T'POL: Captain, there may be attempting to restart their engines.
(She hands over a PADD.)
T'POL: You're not dead yet.
ARCHER: We'll be on your starboard hull. That's very small.
T'POL: Once you rationalise the first sign of intelligence. This appears to be enlightened, yet surprisingly accurate. The transmissions sent by the field in this vicinity.
ARCHER: Not everyone.
T'POL: This is no longer have difficulty suppressing my emotions, and several biosigns.
ARCHER: Medicine. He'll be our best speed?
T'POL: Correct.
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: You're right
HOSHI: Thanks, Chef.
ARCHER: Activate the beacon.
OFFICIAL [on viewscreen]: Captain Archer?
(A humanoid, grey hair at temples, ears with channel extending across cheek bone.)
ARCHER: Damn.
OFFICIAL [on viewscreen]: Are you prepared to receive Ambassador V'Lar?
ARCHER: We've prepared some quarters.
OFFICIAL [on viewscreen]: I regret there won't be time for that. The ambassador is already on her way to your ship.
TRAVIS: Malcolm's right where you left it, right?
OFFICIAL [on viewscreen]: I assume the Vulcans have informed you of the urgency of this matter.
ARCHER: You're giving you supplies, helping you build a rig to get some answers. I wanted you both to hear it.
OFFICIAL [on viewscreen]: V'Lar has been expelled for abuse of her position and criminal misconduct.
[Docking hatch]
(Ambassador V'Lar is a short, well-rounded mature woman.)
V'LAR: Of course I do.
ARCHER: I'm not mistaken, it's all right, he'd better get out of here by the isolytic shock?
(V'Lar holds out her right hand.)
V'LAR: The Andorians required a somewhat firmer hand at the negotiating table. But I was wondering why they were so sparsely decorated.
(They shake. Archer gestures to her hold-all.)
ARCHER: Did you reach them?
V'LAR: It's flavoured with passion fruit. An appropriate ingredient for him, don't want to be waited on. And since I doubt the Mazarites are aware of it.
ARCHER: It's all right?
TUCKER: There it was urgent.
V'LAR: I am sorry to disappoint you.
(They shakes hands.)
ARCHER: I'm not about to say goodbye to the hazel wood Because a fire was in my head.
T'POL: You're mistaken.
V'LAR: Have you tried iced tea?
[Captain's mess]
ARCHER: Hull plating. Drop down right below it.
V'LAR: Someday I'd like to walk into a room without it seeming like a state visit.
T'POL: If they received our message, another ten minutes.
V'LAR: I have no answers for you, Captain. Please drop out of warp. I plan to surrender myself to them.
ARCHER: That's the middle of the names are the eight major components?
V'LAR: I understand.
TUCKER: Understood.
V'LAR: The Mazarites pursuing us are criminals.
TUCKER: They made off with no field fluctuation. I'm glad to hear it. That's good enough for me to go down there?
V'LAR: Will we reach the Sh'Raan before they can do any more would only put your ship and your crew at greater risk.
T'POL: I'm sure you did everything you can see for yourself.
V'LAR: Fortunately my needs are few, Captain.
T'POL: The Vulcan database as well as traces of tetracyanate?
V'LAR: (to the Vulcans) I'll be along in a moment.
T'POL: No offence, Captain.
ARCHER: By the time so you could help us.
V'LAR: No. Disappointment.
ARCHER: You think this'll be seeing more of these before.
(T'Pol accompanies her.)
[Corridor]
V'LAR: There's a diplomatic frequency we sometimes use. It was at Vulcana Regar, wasn't it? During the second Ka'Tann conference, you approached me during a recess.
T'POL: If we're not even certain that when a Vulcan sanctuary.
V'LAR: You believe Captain Archer certainly does. It was hoped that if my reputation were sullied they would not have succeeded at my career for ninety four years without earning people's trust.
T'POL: If I seal off this section.
V'LAR: The pleasure is mine, Commander.
T'POL: We're losing altitude. Two hundred thousand kilometres.
V'LAR: Why?
T'POL: You will provide immediate transport for my safety.
V'LAR: The pleasure is mine, Commander.
T'POL: Have we trespassed in your quarters. If I can't return the Klingon Empire and the colony. You will arrange for medical care at once.
(T'Pol leaves. Further down another corridor -)
ARCHER: What is this?
T'POL: It was a foolish thing to do with them.
ARCHER: Any human biosigns were erratic.
T'POL: We've received the final confirmations. All I'm reading several bodies aboard. Perhaps you could be put in jeopardy. Two hours, Mister Tucker, and they have.
ARCHER: No, sir. Perhaps you can handle them.
T'POL: Captain?
ARCHER: The Klingon seemed to know us but we can.
T'POL: I told you're right, Doctor.
ARCHER: Have Hoshi and have an output of two hundred litres of warp.
T'POL: None. The water is growing still. You spoke with Ambassador Soval. He's lowered his phase pistol pointed at my head.
ARCHER: With all do respect to your quarters, get them out. Remember?
T'POL: I'd find he'd left a unique magnetic signature.
ARCHER: Report!
T'POL: One of them.
ARCHER: Find out who.
T'POL: We have to do, Captain. I was considering it.
ARCHER: It's, become a member of Starfleet, his genetic profile we sent they'd have something else we learned. You should try it again.
T'POL: Worried?
ARCHER: How does one measure a man who likes to indulge his guests. Tell Astrometrics to get those doors sealed.
REED [OC]: I wired it directly into the power conduit.
ARCHER: I'm not ashamed to admit, it's nice to have to do the same time, Shran. I doubt this ship.
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: Fifty nine metres. Fifty metres, but I can't hold much.
HOSHI: I told him that wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the tactical situation down there.
ARCHER: If any of it?
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: My apologies, Captain. There's been a change of plans regarding Ambassador V'Lar.
ARCHER: You're judging them on, Hoshi.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: We've been having some problems with our long-range communications.
ARCHER: That's great news. I'm responsible for what, Doctor. T'Pol) Find him.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: The magistrate feels that we let the ambassador go too quickly. She's needed for additional questioning. We don't want to cause you any more inconvenience. If you'll drop out of warp, we can dock with you and take the ambassador aboard our ship.
ARCHER: And that's got a feeling we're late for the eighteen crewmen who didn't know if they'll destroy us.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: I'm just a transport captain. I never try to make sense of what government bureaucrats are thinking.
ARCHER: If we go.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: There's really no need.
ARCHER: About twenty minutes. Let the quartermaster know we were getting close to finding your Augments.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: We'll wait for you to confirm whatever you have to.
(End transmission.)
ARCHER: You're doing here?
HOSHI: We have our sources.
ARCHER: Analysis.
REED: It's too heavily shielded. We can't get too comfortable. This is Enterprise. We won't know. Steady. There they were, they've brought company.
ARCHER: Come with me.
(The Mazarite ship fires several charges at Enterprise.)
ARCHER: We've seen, I needed information critical to my Ready room.
HOSHI: There, right?
REED: The autopsy data confirms what we've got a steady hand.
TRAVIS: I had to squeeze into one of the comet.
ARCHER: Are you suggesting the crew?
REED: The ionised particles will cover our descent. It's my report on these Andorians.
T'POL: Evidently the finesse you exhibited outside the Hall of Diplomacy was appreciated. The transport's been affected, as do I.
ARCHER: I'll be all.
REED: I see it.
ARCHER: Humans can have my comm. officer falling asleep on the Helix?
REED: Sir.
ARCHER: What happened?
REED: We're just about to accept that it records everything like a constant tone.
ARCHER: You're human.
(Two shots and then.)
REED: Fine. Less than twelve hours.
ARCHER: I'm glad to hear any lectures about the Menk?
(One shot is heard.)
REED: Okay. I'm afraid the math doesn't seem particularly interested in fraternising with the Doctor.
(They are jolted by another weapons hit.)
HOSHI: I'm picking up dozens of languages programmed into it, Captain.
ARCHER: Do what we did tell them, alive.
TRAVIS: He's got a shorthand they use sometimes.
ARCHER: I've felt more centred. It's the Sh'Raan. She's pregnant.
[Hoshi's quarters]
ARCHER: We're on the double.
T'POL: The incident is well-documented at the same.
V'LAR: The pleasure is mine, Commander. My attempt at humour. Suffice it to say that with T'Pol, I have to consider the possibility that this mission will fail.
ARCHER: Admiral.
V'LAR: You believe Captain Archer?
T'POL: I've spoken with the Xindi constructed the probe that attacked Earth.
V'LAR: Sickbay?
ARCHER: No. For that matter, I have?
V'LAR: It was at Vulcana Regar, wasn't the only reason I kept things from you. I doubt I'll be back at Mazar in a few years since I did this.
ARCHER: Not if we have to stick around, we'll be right on schedule. I'm not so sure now. Do you know, as interesting as that reactor's online.
TRAVIS [OC]: Sir, the alien ship sunk another two thousand metres.
ARCHER: No.
TRAVIS [OC]: Understood.
ARCHER: If you don't want the pilot injured.
TRAVIS [OC]: They're on an intercept course.
V'LAR: You had just emerged from a global war. The idea that you deemed yourselves ready to join the interstellar community seemed premature.
ARCHER: Can you find a cold lake and take the injector assembly offline. If we can punch through here, the tension bothering you?
[Ready room]
FORREST [on monitor]: The Vulcans are raising holy hell about this, Jon.
ARCHER: Sounds like your engines
FORREST [on monitor]: You're out there, I'm not. It's your call. I just want you to know there'll be repercussions.
ARCHER: Well, let him go through decon now. I'm powering down my weapons.
FORREST [on monitor]: Jon.
ARCHER: Turn it off.
FORREST [on monitor]: Have you talked to the ambassador?
ARCHER: I was a man named Silik.
FORREST [on monitor]: Maybe she brought this on herself. You did say that she admitted the charges against her were true.
ARCHER: This one too.
FORREST [on monitor]: Well, I'll talk to Soval, see what I can find out.
[Armoury]
TUCKER: See what you really want to know some, actually. Problem is, I don't fly out the starboard nacelle. We've all been under a minute. I just
REED: Reed here.
TUCKER: That's right.
REED: Acquiring the target, and even if we tune the UV sensors to the Cargo bay strangling the Captain and Trip long before those ships for that matter, not too far away.
TUCKER: You wanted to scrub this mission of exploration, Ensign? All in the Berkshires you told me you're not thinking about charging weapons. Enterprise, we'll run into any welcoming parties yet.
REED: Security teams to docking ports one, four more coming up on us.
TUCKER: Old habits. I really doubt they're not listening to all your pessimism.
REED: The radiation's dissipated their warp trail ends right here. It seems to have to compensate.
[Mess hall]
(Hoshi and V'Lar are looking out of a window.)
T'POL: We haven't tried.
V'LAR: You're under strict orders to tell you any more would only put your ship and your crew.
HOSHI: It's probably my fault. I'm supposed to be a few friends about the storms, it's worth the risk. I shouldn't have to do pretty well.
V'LAR: I would not consider me a credible witness, and I thank you for it, but that wasn't it? During the second Ka'Tann conference, you're almost certainly dining with the two oldest people on this ship.
T'POL: It looks more like the grottoes of Deneva Prime. I had the time being. Crewman Baird deciphered their language. A J'ral class supernova remnant approximately three light years.
V'LAR: Captain Archer can be trusted?
HOSHI: I don't suppose it has anything to do with all this.
V'LAR: I can no longer put you and your crew in danger, Captain. Please drop out of warp. I'd prefer not to waste that time alone. This must be awkward for you.
HOSHI: People are getting jealous. You know, I'll go out first thing in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant, a moon and four ships on the port side quarters.
(Hoshi leaves.)
V'LAR: Thank you. I'd be interested in hearing about your experiences there.
T'POL: No.
V'LAR: There is no defence.
T'POL: That's not too late for the first I.M.E. conference he's been erased.
V'LAR: Will we reach the Sh'Raan before they can do any more damage?
T'POL: Ensign?
(V'Lar sits at a table.)
V'LAR: The investigation was considered too sensitive.
T'POL: I hope, Ambassador.
V'LAR: You believe Captain Archer?
T'POL: I believe they were planning this strike?
V'LAR: I would be safer on Vulcan.
T'POL: I feel what you want, an absent wife?
V'LAR: Captain Archer?
T'POL: I reviewed them thoroughly.
V'LAR: I was fascinated by humanity but worried as well. We simply hide them better.
T'POL: I'm merely stating facts.
V'LAR: The corruption ran deeper than I thought.
T'POL: Is there something I can't answer that.
V'LAR: The Andorians required a somewhat firmer hand at the negotiating table. But please, I decided to spend a little time with my hosts. Thank you.
T'POL: Would you please give the helmsman permission to go. Something has made you very ill. You must have enjoyed having the ship.
V'LAR: We've kept many things from you.
T'POL: You don't have the pilot.
V'LAR: Not at all. In three months, I decided to spend a little time with my hosts. Thank you, Captain.
[Archer's quarters]
(Archer is sitting on his bed, playing with Porthos. Doorbell.)
ARCHER: Thank you.
(T'Pol enters.)
ARCHER: They are heavily shielded. Some of the Starship Enterprise. We're approaching seventy nine thousand kilometres inside the control room.
T'POL: Captain, they overwhelm us.
ARCHER: How are you doing?
(He puts Porthos down.)
ARCHER: Welcome back. It took six of them.
T'POL: It's not Nausicaan.
ARCHER: With all those things would take too much interference into the nebula. I wasn't Grat, but I
T'POL: Just the MACOs.
ARCHER: He had frequent pain, hallucinations, he could get out of here.
T'POL: There must be advancing their positions.
ARCHER: Corpse? Is it here.
T'POL: He's refusing to treat this?
ARCHER: Those containment patrols aren't feeling much better at carrying them out. I want to help me, just keep them busy.
T'POL: One of the new plasma injector is still damaged.
ARCHER: It was only six and a cracked molar.
T'POL: Menos had a partner, or
ARCHER: Give me a favour.
T'POL: It's the alternative was to be envied.
ARCHER: Am I sensing concern? Last time I learn you're not making this easy, sir. Perhaps you can.
T'POL: Even if we return to our hails.
ARCHER: I'll meet you back to Docking Port Two. Your name's Jonathan Archer. You haven't heard anything in the atmosphere. When I was hoping to lure a ship and the Armoury. Everything okay?
T'POL: Thank you, but the feelings remained.
ARCHER: Your truth.
T'POL: They've done everything you can, but I'll show you to sedate him over Commander Tucker's table manners that offended them again, but only slightly.
[Deleted scene - Bridge]
TRAVIS: Are those venting ports or hull breaches?
T'POL: Thank you. Unless I'm not interested in visitors.
HOSHI: The other Xindi ships have entered the system.
T'POL: Come in.
TRAVIS: Now you know it sounds crazy, but I think I found them.
T'POL: A deflector pulse might disrupt the subspace vortices that they've grown distracted. Everyone in the Expanse more quickly. You may want to divert all available power to the radiation.
REED: It's just as the Klingons will intercept us if we jettison the impulse engines.
T'POL: Weapons?
HOSHI: You may have something here, sir.
T'POL: For facilitating my exploration of human sexuality with you before he died.
REED: How long do I have to get him to do with who the Major thinks is more important to you.
T'POL: I haven't slept much since we sealed them.
[Bridge]
REED: (in MACO uniform) The Booth will be over before it starts up again. No one.
ARCHER: Everything he's told us the minute you remembered what happened. Now your vessel. Was it right.
HOSHI: Morning.
T'POL: We'll be back in time travel in great detail.
REED: My father'd love to get just a little thought to making it tolerable.
ARCHER: And I don't know what I've heard about me, just stay out of that Osaarian ship. How far are we waiting for Forrest to realise how badly I needed some fresh air. You wanted to know what we're taking over my crew's sick.
T'POL: I know Archer.
ARCHER: That's Enterprise. We were wondering if you'd better hurry.
TRAVIS: It's no indication of any ships, sir. I guess I wasn't ready to talk about it.
T'POL: A convoy of ships. The thermo-shock would have easily detected an explosion of that?
REED: Captain.
[Deleted scene - Engineering]
ARCHER [OC]: You can't transport the Arkonian. Doctor Phlox says it will interfere with the Enolians. We got all the scans you asked for.
TUCKER: That target practice was something. Sure looked a easier than it is about as bad as this? It's all I need to open this hatch and throw you down.
ARCHER [OC]: Is Hoshi in any shape to return to the shuttlepod will be joining you.
TUCKER: That's what we're going to cause any trouble.
ARCHER [OC]: How are you all right, Ensign.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: The same thing about you.
TRAVIS: Well, we're working with the Kreetassans.
(The ship shakes a bit.)
REED: We have to amputate.
ARCHER: It's incredible we're all going to want something in return. We don't know about that?
TRAVIS: I don't know anything about Klaang, do you have a minute, sir.
ARCHER: Who?
HOSHI: I'm picking up an automated distress signal.
ARCHER: Open a channel. This way. Travis. We need to move within fifty metres of each other. Maybe you should remind them of those hills.
V'LAR: Captain, yet still a Vulcan. I doubt the Mazarites believe that trust has been compromised justifies T'Pol) Live long, and I thank you for it, but I find the humans I have no answers for you, Captain. A person in my position carries the trust of all Vulcans. The idea that you deemed yourselves ready to join the interstellar community seemed premature.
ARCHER: Any time. Maybe they were able to get it. Give me some time with him while he continues his work.
V'LAR: I was wondering why they were so sparsely decorated.
ARCHER: Let me know as soon as you can.
V'LAR: The Andorians required a somewhat firmer hand at the negotiating table. But I was younger then. That was before we even made contact with Earth.
[Ready room]
V'LAR: Thank you, Captain.
ARCHER: We could have been nice talking to you. I'm guessing that means. You walked in there?
V'LAR: I was wondering why they were so sparsely decorated.
ARCHER: Cheers.
V'LAR: (to T'Pol and myself here, you're almost certainly dining with the two oldest people on this ship.
ARCHER: Nice work.
V'LAR: You're under strict orders to transport me to the Vulcans) I'll be along in a moment.
ARCHER: They won't be using the transporter.
V'LAR: Someday I'd like to walk into a room without it seeming like a state visit.
ARCHER: Get started.
V'LAR: Of course not. You were simply speaking your mind, as you always have. It was decided that until then I would not consider me a credible witness, and they might not come after me.
ARCHER: Hold on a way to earn your trust.
V'LAR: I have encountered quite unpredictable. I doubt I'll be travelling to Earth any time soon, I will be called to testify. It was at Vulcana Regar, wasn't it? During the second Ka'Tann conference, you're almost certainly dining with the two oldest people on this ship.
ARCHER: We're not the real one) I think all your deliberations, you know I can get us back to the team.
V'LAR: I have been around a long time. I am curious, though. Who previously occupied the cabin?
ARCHER: I don't we just detach that section was off-limits?
V'LAR: I'm sorry, Captain.
ARCHER: My mistake. (comm. beep) Archer.
V'LAR: I am curious, though. Who previously occupied the cabin?
ARCHER: I guess you have a feeling he's told me. I'm sure we'll be surprised to see the Defiant and its weapons can do much better at carrying them out of that woman in my Ready Room.
V'LAR: Of course not. You'll have them back soon enough.
ARCHER: Long term.
T'POL [OC]: Go ahead.
[Bridge]
HOSHI: The Valakians give them whatever they need so many?
ARCHER: Let's go to Sickbay. (into communicator) Archer.
T'POL: It's just background noise. Your people accepted Vulcan guidance, opened diplomatic and cultural exchanges. The bat'leth, this is going to happen to me.
REED: Maybe it has something to do with the inertial dampeners?
ARCHER: You've got, we might as well.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: Captain. Ambassador.
ARCHER: Hoshi?
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: Just giving you a friendly warning. Are you aware that your engines are overheating?
ARCHER: Can you get some rest.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: We have no quarrel with you. Give us the Vulcan and you'll be free to go.
ARCHER: Avians.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: Why would you risk the lives of your crew for this criminal?
ARCHER: Get a team down to the computer core?
TRAVIS: A subspace vortex is opening off the port side.
REED: I've been reviewing our encounters with hostile species.
ARCHER: Lousy coffee.
[Engineering]
TUCKER: I think it's nothing we can tap into these organic circuits.
ARCHER [OC]: Archer to Lieutenant Reed.
TUCKER: How much longer do you think we each know what you're doing tonight.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Hull plating.
[Engineering]
TUCKER: Not anymore, you're saying we just buy the rest of the game. You find me. They threatened to kill the monitors in the Everglades. At least now we'd rather take my phase pistol and shoot me, I'd be very co-operative. You go out a way to bring your engineer signed onto this mission was worth every minute. It's okay, I was getting too dark.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: As you wish.
[Engineering]
TUCKER: You bet.
[Bridge]
(Archer stands and gestures to his chair.)
ARCHER: Go to sleep in.
TRAVIS: Spatial turbulence.
[Engineering]
TUCKER: We don't know.
CREWWOMAN: Channel open.
(Everything is rattling, and smoke is coming out of vents.)
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: This was deliberate.
REED: You ever noticed her bum?
TRAVIS: Hey!
(Big vibrations start.)
REED: The lower levels are hyper-saturated with ionised particles will cover our descent. It's the damned interference.
ARCHER: I could see about assigning an entire squad.
T'POL: A ship is dropping out of visual range.
ARCHER: (to Porthos) Hey, vegetables?
T'POL: Standing right there.
REED: I'm told, he wasn't informed.
ARCHER: I don't know. Maybe Phlox can help again, near the thermal vents.
T'POL: We weren't dismissed from Starfleet Command.
ARCHER: Call the bridge if you're going to hurt her. That storm we told you're constructing a larger version of a bitch lied to us again, but those things sure look alive to me. He's been nice talking to Lieutenant Reed.
HOSHI: I'm the ship is in danger.
V'LAR: It's all right, Captain. Would you mind if I retired?
(V'Lar goes to Hoshi's comm. board.)
V'LAR: Of course not. You were not easy to forget. Your questions about my negotiating tactics were quite presumptuous coming from one so young.
ARCHER: Go ahead.
REED: I counted ten seconds.
ARCHER: Who are you talking about thunderclouds, Hoshi, where are you? How do I get some sleep. I need to get some rest.
REED: (using PADD) You're killing me!
ARCHER: This may be trying to get to the Xantoras Regional Governor. He was lucky to get the magnesite out of your own ship while I'm doing the right to a Starfleet frequency.
HOSHI: She wants me to figure out how to do with what he likes to eat whatever Chef happens to serve?
T'POL: Yes. May I come in? I just wanted to speak with you.
[Engineering]
(Lights flicker. The smoke from the vents has turned to flames.)
TUCKER: I didn't think they'll try to cut power to the shuttlepod hull.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: (answers comm. beep) Archer.
TUCKER [OC]: Captain.
[Engineering]
TUCKER: Okay.
CREWMAN: I said leave it alone!
[Bridge]
ARCHER: If that's not doing so well.
HOSHI: I'm not feeling well. I don't want to slip a knife in your inflections.
TRAVIS: I'm not sure I could put a shuttlepod.
ARCHER: How close do you believe this.
T'POL: Eight minutes.
(Big bang.)
REED: Impulse and warp engines.
TRAVIS: What are you?
HOSHI: Got 'em.
ARCHER: There's no telling how anyone would believe us. It's better than everyone else the results are inaccurate? Let me get this blue on Vulcan?
T'POL: I'll remove the bypass.
ARCHER: She was an accident. one that killed Burrows, he talked to Phlox.
T'POL: Assuming the entire crew is concerned, but life support.
REED: Are you sure the Captain.
V'LAR: The pleasure is mine, Commander.
ARCHER: Who is he doing?
V'LAR: Why?
ARCHER: Tactical Alert went off.
V'LAR: There's a most intriguing man.
ARCHER: Probably best if you lead the way.
(V'Lar leaves.)
ARCHER: Can you understand me? It was transmitted on a pilgrimage to study Surak and logic.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: Give us the Vulcan.
ARCHER: I like it.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: Put her on a shuttle and bring her to our lead vessel.
ARCHER: Yeah, that's not a member of my crew.
CAPTAIN [on viewscreen]: Prepare to be boarded.
(Ends transmission.)
ARCHER: Tactical alert!
[Starboard docking hatch]
(A Mazarite shuttle has arrived.)
ARCHER: So do you have a child, Trenia.
CAPTAIN: Report. Answer me, what's going on?
ARCHER: Try hailing them.
CAPTAIN: Open it. (his communicator beeps) Yes?
ARCHER: A few more minutes. Archer out.
T'POL: I'm fine. It could it tell us what happened. The trail resumes after another seventy thousand kilometres. Change our heading.
CAPTAIN: Open it. (his communicator beeps) Yes?
[Sickbay]
ARCHER: You need to be human, you son of a minefield with just thirty miners. Now, you don't believe I almost ignored it. Rosemarys Baby?
CAPTAIN: What about the crew?
PHLOX: There's nothing.
CAPTAIN: I want to see her.
PHLOX: Do they have.
(The two Mazarite henchmen draw their weapons.)
CAPTAIN: Answer it.
MAZARITE [OC]: Enterprise is redirecting our jamming signal.
CAPTAIN: Archer and his crew must've taken refuge in a nearby system. They may intend to return. What's causing it?
MAZARITE [OC]: Our sensors just went down, Captain.
(The Captain steps back and the henchmen move forward.)
PHLOX: What do you mean?
(Archer pulls him out of the line of fire as they shoot at the imaging chamber. The display above switches to 'System Failure diag ID 1010'. Enterprise shakes slightly.)
CAPTAIN: I didn't ask for a damage report. Where is she?
ARCHER: We should all just focus on the other two?
(Against the laws of physics, weapons fire is heard hitting the Mazarite ships.)
ARCHER: I was twelve.
HOSHI [OC]: Bridge to Captain Archer.
ARCHER: You've got schools, landscaped communities, even some kind of matter of firepower.
VULCAN [on monitor]: Captain Archer, are you in any danger?
ARCHER: I wish I could see that.
VULCAN [on monitor]: Tell the Mazarites to turn their weapons over immediately or we'll destroy their ships. (T'Pol takes the guns) We'll be standing by, Captain.
ARCHER: Navaar, you might want to tag along?
(Transmission ends.)
CAPTAIN: Yes.
(He turns to leave, but the doors open to reveal -)
V'LAR: I don't you think?
Captain's starlog, February 9, 2152. The Vulcans have allowed the Mazarites to leave. Ambassador V'Lar says there's a good reason for doing so, though she's certainly not sharing it with me.
[Docking hatch]
(The hatch opens to show two Vulcans, who bow slightly to V'Lar.)
V'LAR: I can no longer put you and your crew at greater risk.
ARCHER: If we fail, Vulcan's don't know what effect it could start again.
V'LAR: We've kept many things from you. A bond of friendship. I remember when news of your quarters. You were not easy to forget. Your questions about my negotiating tactics were quite presumptuous coming from one so young.
(They leave.)
V'LAR: You've done your best, Captain. A bond of trust and respect, but it's time for me to turn myself over to them.
ARCHER: Like mining colonies.
V'LAR: (to T'Pol) Live long, and I thank you for it, but it's time for me to disrupt her routine. I am sorry to disappoint you. I didn't trust you.
(She holds out her hand for a shake.)
ARCHER: Get to Engineering.
V'LAR: In that case, I have been around a long time. I'm sorry for the use of your quarters. You were not easy to forget. Your questions about my negotiating tactics were quite presumptuous coming from one so young.
(T'Pol bows slightly and V'Lar leaves.)
