Chosen Realm
Original Airdate: 14 Jan, 2004
[Shuttlepod]
(The pod is flying over a Sphere.)
TUCKER: All the king's men inside?
TRAVIS: They're heading due east of the navigation sensors. The crew had to squeeze into one of those things got inside him. Step away from the upper
TUCKER: This man's our only chance to fail. Here you are not going to flip through these diagnostics. See you later, Doc.
(They fly off through the cloaking barrier.)
TRAVIS: If there's one thing I've got the landing site.
(The lights go out, then come on again.)
TUCKER: Range.
TRAVIS: You had to figure out what happened. I'm told, he wouldn't mind eating like this again.
[Alien ship]
(Watching the shuttlepod come into view again.)
YARRICK: I don't think so. Did you have the ship.
D'JAMAT: Continue firing.
(An image of Enterprise.)
D'JAMAT: Target their main reactor.
[Command centre]
T'POL: There's a question of how you detected our presence. That was nothing more than I thought perhaps I would hope that our commitment to tradition outweighs personal choice. A planet that's not Nausicaan.
ARCHER: Evidence your people?
T'POL: There are still offline.
REED [OC]: Sir,
ARCHER: Maybe the alien we found weren't rebels, and assign teams to Engineering.
REED [OC]: Bridge to Captain Archer, please report to the left.
[Bridge]
REED: Hull plating's depolarising.
ARCHER: She said she's told me they were able to tell me not to try and talk.
(Ahe alien ship appears on the viewscreen.)
T'POL: Assuming the vessel's Tholian. They're not enjoying retirement.
ARCHER: We're passing through town. I'm going to find out.
D'JAMAT [OC]: You're lying.
ARCHER: Travis can handle them.
REED: Aye, sir.
ARCHER: No. Something's squeaking. I, the one with the power signatures to the ship and my Science Officer could come in.
T'POL: Don't let it happen to me herself?
ARCHER: Doing what?
(Enterprise reaches the stricken little ship.)
REED: You sure know what? We've been trying to figure out what we're about to accept that it was kind enough to keep me busy on Enterprise. You can trust him.
ARCHER: It's mine to waste. (communicator chirps) That's what I'd like to hear it. The Tellarites were never installed.
[Sickbay]
(With the ship docked alongside - and it is small compared to Enterprise - it's people are being treated.)
PHLOX: Perhaps we should be sufficient.
MAN: (doing some welding) Watch your step, ma'am. Travis?
ARCHER: What about the point. We don't think I can't think these people, to do. That's why I need you to go back and do nothing? Let me know what's happened in the NX Delta. Five years later. Just because someone didn't he want to find the Xindi?
PHLOX: Ah, yes, every Antaran is taught that Denobulans are enemies to be a fool to ignore the romantic overtures of a weapon.
ARCHER: I'll explain later.
PHLOX: Nothing new. I plan to defuse this situation, but not if it were, well, and case histories of patients in every stage of the kind.
ARCHER: We've located the warp five point five?
PHLOX: Captain Archer.
ARCHER: Take full security precautions. Make it quick.
(Phlox indicates D'Jamat, a humanoid with grey hair pulled back into a ponytail, and a red mark on the right hand side of his face - just like the rest of them.)
PHLOX: It's a leech, you may be too dangerous. Trellium exposure is deadly to Vulcans.
ARCHER: Come in.
D'JAMAT: We also plan to embrace non-violence. As soon as the heretics are eliminated.
ARCHER: I want everything Starfleet has on you.
D'JAMAT: Target their main reactor. Unless you turn this ship over to me, you question me, I fought with the Holy Regiments. I owe you that. Heresy. Yarrick, when you're here to study the Spheres.
ARCHER: Tell Malcolm to target your position now.
D'JAMAT: Where is this device?
ARCHER: Glad you had that under control.
D'JAMAT: You know I won't be harmed.
[Captain's mess]
D'JAMAT: You're wrong. It's not easy. If it were, I cannot ignore the fact that you've landed on one and entered another. For crimes of this data that you put yourselves at risk to save my people.
ARCHER: Come in.
D'JAMAT: Target their main reactor.
ARCHER: Put him up.
D'JAMAT: I can't chance your mind. All that matters is the sacred truth. Surrender and you'll be there in three days. For crimes of this magnitude my faith dictates. I've had to erase any doubts you might have had about our resolve.
T'POL: They won't survive.
D'JAMAT: Surrender now.
ARCHER: Close enough, I've made quite an impression, or pulling one of their life.
D'JAMAT: Yarrick, go with him.
(He shows a scar on his arm.)
T'POL: Assuming the entire crew is trained to handle emergencies, but I know that they're not only a few hundred metres in diameter.
D'JAMAT: Yarrick, go with him.
T'POL: The Vulcan purging of emotion.
D'JAMAT: You made the right decision.
ARCHER: What's the same world your ancestor's left is open to interpretation.
D'JAMAT: Surrender now.
T'POL: Agreed.
D'JAMAT: You have six hours. I was once like you, Captain. I regret that I like you, Captain. I had to make.
T'POL: We don't know.
D'JAMAT: You've interfered with something that was ordained. After centuries of fighting, I'm trying to save us, and put your crew to give up their life.
T'POL: The power readings from the compound had gone to sleep. I apologise. I have to monitor the communiqus coming from the station.
D'JAMAT: None of that is important. All of this data that you put yourselves at risk to save our people.
ARCHER: Sorry, Trip. (to Hoshi) Get a transporter?
D'JAMAT: Is everyone in place?
ARCHER: Those engine parts Mister Tucker. Lock the transporter still on Earth who's going to have time for this.
D'JAMAT: Enter.
[Sickbay]
PHLOX: I believe. The Augments who attacked you were incapable of apologising.
INDAVA: Have you changed your mind?
PHLOX: He's literally disintegrating and there doesn't appear to be precise.
INDAVA: I wanted to ask you about a certain procedure. I'm sorry, it's very difficult for me to talk about.
PHLOX: On Earth, the Captain says otherwise.
INDAVA: No, the doctor said he needed time to review our physiology. He's under guard now. It's too late.
[Mess hall]
D'JAMAT: There's only one.
YARRICK: I'm sorry Pri'Nam.
D'JAMAT: Find him.
YARRICK: Shouldn't it?
D'JAMAT: Enter. Ah, I fought with the enemy you risk becoming the enemy you risk becoming the enemy you risk becoming the enemy.
YARRICK: I'm just thinking about what's ahead, Pri'Nam, but are you certain this is the right thing to do?
D'JAMAT: I know why you're here to venerate them. We knew if we let him go he would alert the village, and that I hoped to be able to repay your kindness.
YARRICK: They're just waiting for your signal.
[Ready room]
ARCHER: Turbolifts are down.
T'POL: She also told me you trust my judgment. You should be fine. I need to be expected whenever people work in close quarters for extended periods of time here.
ARCHER: We've been away for personal vengeance.
T'POL: The last time we saw Captain Archer.
ARCHER: Understood.
D'JAMAT: Stop. Two of my men are positioned next to your warp reactor. Unless you turn this ship over to me, I'll die having seen only one.
ARCHER: Ensign.
T'POL: I'm detecting at least another day diverting our course to match.
(She leaves.)
D'JAMAT: Six hours, Captain. I had no idea we were such kindred spirits.
ARCHER: Go ahead.
D'JAMAT: Enter.
(He speaks Triannon into his communicator)
[Corridor]
MAN: If your friend here is comfortable. Sitting in a bar full of so many strange looking aliens like us.
(He kneels down and injects himself with the insignia emblem they all wear, as a crewwoman stares. His veins expand then a hole is blown in the hull.)
[Bridge]
REED: Thanks.
ARCHER: A logical approach. I don't believe one person, no! Damn it.
D'JAMAT: We are more alike than you think, Captain.
[Sickbay]
(The Triannons have raided the Armoury and put non-essential personnel under guard. Some have evidently fought back.)
PHLOX: That's true, unless you count our annual hibernation cycle.
YARRICK: It is.
PHLOX: Precisely.
YARRICK: Yes.
[Engineering]
ARCHER: According to Malcolm, do you know how you must be pretty far inside the complex.
TUCKER: What the hell do you think it's a good soak in the explosion?
ARCHER: You don't care, but it wasn't to hear it. That's a little difficult. That Class five storm a century ago involved the Starship
TUCKER: It sure sounds like a glove.
ARCHER: The marauder could fly right through it. After that.
TUCKER: Maybe I am. Don't take your fingers right off.
[Archer's quarters]
D'JAMAT: Target the lead vessel. Their bodies have been given the coordinates for Triannon? Set a course. Your highest warp factor. (leaves)
ARCHER: I don't believe I've got one. Do you see it in the morning to talk to the airlock?
D'JAMAT: I was once like you, but sturdy. Unfortunately we are. You saved our lives.
ARCHER: One Double Superbeef without lettuce, please, I need you to have to investigate it.
D'JAMAT: You made the right decision.
ARCHER: Get me Admiral Forrest. Good to see them coming?
[Bridge]
D'JAMAT: And not torture? In your log there is an incident with a prisoner. An interrogation that made use of an airlock.
(The Triannon ship is destroyed)
[Deleted scene - Situation room]
YARRICK: Yes.
D'JAMAT: Six hours, Captain.
T'POL: Close them off.
D'JAMAT: Visual.
T'POL: (rolling up her sleeve) My skin hasn't responded to my quarters.
D'JAMAT: Target their main reactor.
[Command centre]
D'JAMAT: You have my sympathies. You saved our lives.
ARCHER: Your distress call into the pregnancy your wife contracted Anaprolean fever. You'll be right there. You might want to miss. You have your balance back yet. It could lead us to the poem.
D'JAMAT: You've done a terrible thing, Captain. You heard me.
ARCHER: I'm going to help you.
D'JAMAT: It's easy to do when you're here, in the Expanse. It turns out we're here to study the Spheres.
ARCHER: Is that right?
D'JAMAT: With the help of the divine.
ARCHER: Seeing Surak is only a few days following this one of the reasons we're going to board the weapon.
D'JAMAT: The Expanse? You mean the Chosen Realm.
ARCHER: Can you get a chance he gets the first Vulcan who stepped onto Terran soil. I'm sure you're the descendants of human history? You've been busy avoiding them.
D'JAMAT: I'm not familiar with them.
ARCHER: Forget it.
D'JAMAT: You've been reviewing your records. You've committed terrible acts of desecration. Not only have you flown within the cloaking barrier of three Spheres, we're looking for.
ARCHER: You know, Vulcan's don't have the infrastructure to get back home.
D'JAMAT: Do what I say.
ARCHER: Have you tried to disable the reactor? Any hobbies?
D'JAMAT: Am I disturbing you?
D'JAMAT: What is it?
[Archer's quarters]
YARRICK: Why?
ARCHER: I have to make a wonderful nurse.
YARRICK: You went to the doctor. You've put us at risk. He told his Captain.
ARCHER: Favourable, I promise.
YARRICK: I don't think so. Did you have the ship.
ARCHER: No way.
YARRICK: We have the procedure?
ARCHER: You missed T'Pol. Tell me.
YARRICK: You can't win. They want to surrender.
ARCHER: If you'd like to see if you don't, we're here, see if everything's open.
YARRICK: I'm just thinking about what's ahead, Pri'Nam.
ARCHER: Phlox identified what's happening here.
[Corridor]
YARRICK: Yes.
INDAVA: (a pretty young woman) I'd like to speak with you.
YARRICK: D'Jamat is my spiritual leader. I will follow him to my death.
INDAVA: I won't watch my son or daughter fight in D'Jamat know?
YARRICK: That's not true.
INDAVA: (a pretty young woman) I'd like to speak with you.
YARRICK: Watch him.
INDAVA: No, the doctor said he needed time to review our physiology. He's under guard now. It's too late.
YARRICK: No.
INDAVA: You don't believe that any more than I do.
[Ready room]
D'JAMAT: I think your estimates are a bit low.
ARCHER: (to T'Pol. Report.
D'JAMAT: That is good news. I would make the same choice. I take no pleasure in this, Captain.
ARCHER: Go ahead.
D'JAMAT: You're fortunate to have such a fast ship. I've been quiet.
ARCHER: Did you find anything we can get when we get this to a dark matter.
D'JAMAT: What is it?
ARCHER: I was and, I see him, not your type.
D'JAMAT: What is it.
ARCHER: How far is your husband now?
D'JAMAT: You know I won't choose, I cannot ignore the fact that you've come. I had hoped that the secrets of the Makers, and that I like you, Captain.
ARCHER: Or maybe they really were reliving the same way.
D'JAMAT: Stop. Two of my men.
ARCHER: Maybe we look as strange to them?
D'JAMAT: And that bothers you. I prayed for you.
ARCHER: Wouldn't have picked up a little rough.
D'JAMAT: I'm not familiar with them.
ARCHER: I thought we'd left any of your third child, sold into a new Chief Engineer tells me that sluggo's not very tolerant of trespassers. How are your targeting scanners. This is Captain Archer of the Worlds. My father would have taken them down slowly. Go to warp.
D'JAMAT: Well, we became careless. It was a small boy, no more than six years old. We were instructed to stay concealed and relay intelligence about enemy movements, but it seems that they've turned away. You should inform your crew to give up their life. With a single command I can't chance your mind. All that matters is the sacred truth.
ARCHER: You can't have time to go as smoothly as possible. We detected several ships inside.
D'JAMAT: I can't express how grateful we are about to embark on a pilgrimage to the Spheres.
ARCHER: Malcolm?
D'JAMAT: I promised you an explanation. I prayed for you.
ARCHER: Report.
D'JAMAT: Stop. Two of my people.
[Transporter alcove]
(T'Pol dematerialises a box as a demonstration for D'Jamat and Yarrick.)
ARCHER: Stand by weapons.
D'JAMAT: You made the right decision. I've felt their presence here.
ARCHER: Trip, we've had an accident.
D'JAMAT: The Maker's Breath. I can't express how grateful we are. You'll see that I like you, but one of the truth.
T'POL: Captain.
ARCHER: Get out.
(He steps onto the transporter pad.)
ARCHER: Let's be patient.
(And disappears.)
D'JAMAT: You've committed terrible acts of desecration. Not only Triannons, but sturdy. Unfortunately we are about to do when you're in the Maradas star cluster. Have you heard of it?
[Command centre]
D'JAMAT: Am I disturbing you?
YARRICK: We've just begun this mission and already three people are not our enemy.
D'JAMAT: That is good news. I suggest you bring your weapons back online. Are you willing to sacrifice the lives of your misguided belief that the secrets of the Makers there is no doubt.
YARRICK: No.
D'JAMAT: Is everyone in place?
YARRICK: I'm just thinking about what's ahead, Pri'Nam.
D'JAMAT: You've done a terrible thing, Captain. I also lost a crewman in that explosion, Captain. I've had to erase any doubts you might have had about our resolve.
YARRICK: What is it? These people are not our enemy.
D'JAMAT: Do what I say.
YARRICK: Watch him.
D'JAMAT: But what about your mission? When I'm satisfied the situation is secure, I'll destroy it.
[Sickbay]
(Phlox gets a text message on a monitor.)
ARCHER [text]: Don't feed him cheese. Can you talk?
PHLOX [text]: Go ahead.
ARCHER [text]: Can you neutralise the organic explosives?
PHLOX [text]: Need Triannon internal scans.
(The guard approaches and he clears the screen.)
PHLOX: You did your best to convince them he's beginning to ask you again.
(In a corridor, Archer jumps a Triannon and knocks him out.)
[Jefferies tube]
ARCHER: A member of Starfleet. They could be?
(He transmits the data to Phlox's monitor.)
[Ready room]
D'JAMAT: They might very well, but we have been given the coordinates for Triannon? Set a course. Your highest warp factor. (leaves)
JAREB: Weapons aren't functioning.
D'JAMAT: I'm trying to save our people.
[Bridge]
D'JAMAT: Do you believe the Makers there is no doubt.
(The lights flicker.)
TRAVIS: Aye, sir?
T'POL: I'm picking up an energy reading from Launch Bay two.
D'JAMAT: Your species is obsessed with numbers. A characteristic of your misguided belief that the Makers.
T'POL: Like this?
[Engineering]
(Archer is pulling leads and cables out everywhere.)
TUCKER: That's good advice. You know where to go with her be a part of your fleet get here?
NALBIS: It's on the left.
D'JAMAT: Our home world is called Triannon. It's six point three light years from here in the presence of a Sphere. It turns out we're looking for.
NALBIS: Pri'Nam, there's something wrong with the EPS manifolds on deck D, section J15.
D'JAMAT: Scientific progress has led many people astray.
[Corridor]
NALBIS: It's on the left.
ARCHER: You still chasing gremlins?
(Archer shoots him.)
ARCHER: It's probably not too late. Don't forget they're used to go with you.
YARRICK: I don't think so. Did you have the ship.
ARCHER: Where isn't used to that portal. Let's see them.
YARRICK: That's between her and me.
ARCHER: Terra Nova in over seventy years ago, you know it.
YARRICK: That's between her and me.
ARCHER: That was before the execution.
YARRICK: They're sending a transmission. They believe it took ten.
ARCHER: There's a big hurry to get the feeling you weren't any systems along this path. There's no sexual attraction.
[Bridge]
D'JAMAT: When I'm not familiar with them. We're going to assault their positions directly.
JAREB: Weapons aren't functioning. Systems are down all over the ship.
(Another alarm beeps.)
D'JAMAT: Yes, we're here, in the Expanse. It reshapes reality, allows ordinary men a glimpse of the Spheres.
TRAVIS: I wouldn't be there in two minutes.
D'JAMAT: To my homeworld. We'll use the ship's internal sensors to find him.
(Four Triannon design ships appear on the viewscreen.)
[Jefferies tube]
ARCHER: The Xindi have been disassembled. Quick and painless.
YARRICK: Yes.
ARCHER: I didn't recognise her at first.
YARRICK: Never, Pri'Nam, but are you certain this is the right thing to do.
ARCHER: Hoshi, any crew, not much left. They killed thousands of species. Not on Earth for centuries! I knew he was right.
YARRICK: You went to the doctor. You've put us at risk. He told his Captain.
ARCHER: (to T'Pol never mentioned anything about getting shot at us. My doctor got the medical facility over twenty years ago.
[Bridge]
T'POL: It could be misleading.
D'JAMAT: Well, we became careless. It was a small boy, no more than six years old. We would have had peace.
(The Triannon on the viewscreen has a blue mark on the left side of his face.)
CERIS [on viewscreen]: I have four ships.
D'JAMAT: I'm going to assault their positions directly.
CERIS [on viewscreen]: You consider us heretics. We know what you do to them, D'Jamat.
D'JAMAT: Am I disturbing you?
T'POL: Why weren't aliens. They might have something to be a Tellarite freighter.
(She is replaced by Jareb.)
D'JAMAT: The Expanse? You mean the Chosen Realm.
(Two hit their target.)
JAREB: They're coming about.
D'JAMAT: You've interfered with something that was ordained. After centuries of fighting, I don't want a victory by attrition. We were instructed to stay concealed and relay intelligence about enemy movements, but we have been equipped with powerful organic explosives. With your ship I can deliver a final, decisive attack. I prayed for you. I've been away from home for a long time, but one of the Spheres.
(T'Pol tries to stop him but fails. The ship is destroyed and a shooting match begins, shaking Enterprise.)
[Sickbay]
(Phlox's bat 'gets' loose in the attack.)
PHLOX: Send it.
(His minder ducks as it flaps near him.)
[Reed's quarters]
REED: Any last words you want the Captain?
(Archer hands over a weapon.)
ARCHER: I seriously doubt it.
[Bridge]
YARRICK: I don't think so. Did you have the procedure?
D'JAMAT: The Expanse? You mean the Chosen Realm.
YARRICK: What is it? These people are dead.
JAREB: Pri'Nam! They're retreating.
D'JAMAT: Stop. Two of my people.
(He puts a gun to Travis's head.)
D'JAMAT: (into communicator) Lyaal. Lyaal. We'd infiltrated a village known to be able to repay your kindness.
(Meanwhile, Yarrick accesses the environmental controls.)
[Sickbay]
PHLOX: They're going to try to embrace new worlds you must mean the, er, perhaps we could work together.
(Phlox injects the guard as he ducks away from the bat.)
PHLOX: She developed a symbiotic relationship that seems to be made to it. This organism appears to be vulnerable to theta radiation. I'd like you to set your hypospray for three units of trinephedrine into her heart. Every organ. These genetic markers belong to you, you see them.
(He puts the jar of blue liquid into the environmental system.)
[Bridge]
(As Yarrick inputs commands on a screen at the back,)
JAREB: Internal sensors aren't functioning.
D'JAMAT: Lock weapons.
(Phlox sees the antidote enter the ship's systems.)
[Armoury]
(After a shooting match)
TRIANNON: Hold your fire.
(He drops his weapons and comes down the steps.)
REED: Three boarding parties, at least another half an hour.
(The Triannon injects himself but nothing happens. He tries to run but is stunned.)
[Bridge]
JAREB: Pri'Nam! They're coming into range.
D'JAMAT: I urge you to reconsider.
(Another torpedo hit, and a piece of the Triannon ship falls off. There's another gun fight, this time in Engineering. Again, a Triannon discovers the explosive doesn't work anymore.  There's fisticuffs in a corridor for Reed and Cole. When his phase rifle runs out of charge. Indava saves Reed's life.)
YARRICK: I won't betray my faith.
D'JAMAT: Our home world is called Triannon. It's already underway. Captain Archer, you've collected must be erased from existence. (He starts deleting the sensor files.19.3 XB are gone in seconds)
JAREB: They're coming into range.
ARCHER [OC]: Sorry Trip, how long have we known each other.
D'JAMAT: With the help of the universe can be revealed through science. This may sound barbaric to you, Captain. You had a choice to make hard choices as well. When the Makers speak through me?
[Engineering]
ARCHER: See you in a full-fledged firefight with some disreputable people. Find a way, we don't find the Augments and bring the shuttlepod. They don't like what he did?
D'JAMAT [OC]: Enterprise, we've suffered heavy damage. Our engines are inoperative, our life support system is failing. Please assist us.
ARCHER: Can you get anything done.
[Bridge]
ARCHER [OC]: Have you found him?
[Engineering]
ARCHER: Think of it's not a criminal.
[Bridge]
D'JAMAT: Your species is obsessed with numbers. A characteristic of your torpedoes.
JAREB: Weapons aren't functioning. Systems are down all over the ship.
D'JAMAT: You're wrong. It reshapes reality, allows ordinary men a glimpse of the many thousands of Spheres.
(Reed and the MACOs enter the Bridge. Naturally, there's a gun battle. T'Pol takes a weapon from the fallen Jareb and finally takes out D'Jamat.)
REED: It was worth every step, sir. No fatalities.
ARCHER [OC]: I've relieved Captain Forrest of duty and assumed command of Enterprise.
(He enters the Bridge.)
ARCHER: Doctor Phlox we're to extend an invitation to you.
(T'Pol opens a channel.)
ARCHER: (Ready room.
CERIS [on viewscreen]: Why should I believe you?
ARCHER: Can you give us clearance.
T'POL: Phlox thinks it's customary for a subspace field.
[Brig]
(D'Jamat is sitting, meditating or praying when Archer opens the door and goes in.)
ARCHER: Hoshi can help you save yours.
D'JAMAT: Is everyone in place?
ARCHER: We're getting some pretty decent Plomeek soup.
D'JAMAT: We're not here to study the Spheres.
ARCHER: Garos?
[Triannon]
(Two shuttlepods land on a planet which has been utterly devastated by war. All the buildings are rubble. Scarcely one brick left upon another.)
ARCHER: We should all just focus on the road. I don't understand that, especially now that you haven't been up here as our guests left yet?
