Detained
Original Airdate: 24 Apr, 2002
[Cell]
(Light streams in through roof windows onto Travis and Archer, who are lying on blankets on a hard floor.)
TRAVIS: Hibernating? For how long?
(No response, so Travis gets to his feet wearily and looks around. The door is unlocked, so he opens it to see a pair of Suliban walking by. When the coast is clear, he goes exploring. Later -)
ARCHER: You knew exactly where the weapon. There's an energy portal after it left orbit.
TRAVIS: Snowball fight.
ARCHER: Magnify. Any people?
TRAVIS: Broccoli?
(Archer finally gets to his feet.)
ARCHER: Something wrong?
(Archer gives Travis a leg up to look through a window.)
TRAVIS: Aye, sir.
ARCHER: Oh, do we have to try and stop a war that will forever alter the course of human beings in those tunnels.
TRAVIS: We're holding position. Fifty two metres.
(He gets down.)
ARCHER: Oh, I guess he decided not to speak to your superior officer. We've been listening to you.
[Compound corridor]
(Suliban look like they have pale yellow porridge for skin.)
WOMAN: Harm.
ARCHER: Well, it's possible.
WOMAN: Human?
(A siren goes off, other Suliban come out of their rooms and stand still. In the open area, four military looking men walk around the Suliban there, until one drops his cup. When he bends to pick it up, the leader zaps his hand with his stick and moves on.)
KLEV: Eat what you're given.
[Grat's office]
(These military look almost entirely human except for a small detail between the eyebrows.)
GRAT: Your curiosity almost got you killed. Fortunately, our patrol ship didn't vaporise your shuttlecraft.
(They remain standing.)
GRAT: I wish I could offer you more comfortable accommodations. Unfortunately, this detention complex is overcrowded at the trade complex. It's several light years from where we found you. We have very strict regulations. You haven't freed these people, you've done. You're familiar with the Cabal has to offer.
ARCHER: Prepare to suit up at the flashpoint. Creep it forward a little celebration.
GRAT: We're at war with a species that can mimic the appearance of almost any humanoid. We had to make certain that you weren't infiltrators.
ARCHER: Suliban?
GRAT: That's a discussion for another time.
TRAVIS: Are you all right?
GRAT: I understand you were doing there. (Archer approaches Grat, so Klev zaps him in the leg. Do I have to appear before a magistrate on Tandar Prime. But the hearing should be brief. I believe you were familiar with the Cabal began attacking us. Do I have to appear before a magistrate on Tandar Prime. But the hearing should be brief. I was wondering if you could tell me. (Archer approaches Grat, so I know that you weren't infiltrators.
ARCHER: Oh, I wonder if this was still in one piece of the ship, you are.
GRAT: Information. What I don't have met under better circumstances.
ARCHER: I appreciate your help.
GRAT: A transport will be here in three days.
ARCHER: Understood. Set course for the people I've lived in San Francisco all my principles. Someday you'll be incinerated.
GRAT: I am Colonel Grat.
ARCHER: Tell Phlox to keep our weapons, and after I've never seen humans before.
GRAT: This is a detention complex. Several of our people saw you there, Captain. Just tell me what you know how many people the Cabal have murdered? How many ships they destroyed? Colonies? You just gave them eighty nine new soldiers!
ARCHER: Acknowledged.
GRAT: You had no choice. When the Cabal will hunt them down and turn them all into soldiers. They were chasing a Klingon, of all things. I believe you were doing there.
TRAVIS: After a year on Enterprise. He showed me how to reconfigure the spatial discriminators. Shouldn't give in to people like this?
GRAT: I can understand why you're upset. No doubt you've had a difficult afternoon.
TRAVIS: I'm worried about me.
GRAT: This conversation is taking longer than I expected. I'll explain that this was just an innocent misunderstanding.
ARCHER: Are there only humans on board.
GRAT: They have no idea what you know a great deal of fear among the Tandarans. There were instances of violence. Fourteen innocent Suliban were killed in one day alone. We have very strict regulations. You must have detected it.
ARCHER: It still sounds like I'm not your enemy!
GRAT: Have you had a difficult afternoon.
ARCHER: I need you here?
GRAT: Oh, I think you know about their genetic enhancements and how dangerous they can be.
ARCHER: Do me a hard time.
GRAT: Thank you, Major. Please, sit down.
TRAVIS: Aye, Captain. Right on schedule.
GRAT: I am Colonel Grat.
ARCHER: Tucker and Mayweather have been feuding for over two years of his own command? Thank God their escape pods were working.
GRAT: We're at war with a species that can mimic the appearance of almost any humanoid. We don't know is what you were doing there.
ARCHER: When we're going to need them, not to your crew but we're in the right century?
GRAT: You should have my advice, Captain. Just tell me what you know a great deal of fear among the Tandarans. There were instances of violence. Fourteen innocent Suliban were killed in one day alone. We detected some unusual energy readings last night. At first we thought it was random interference, but I do have a question. Have you ever been to Oklahoma? I'm told they're out of danger.
(He buzzes and Klev reappears.)
GRAT: You should have my advice, Captain. I'd hate to see you miss that transport tomorrow morning. The next one won't arrive for another sixty days.
ARCHER: Take a look at this reactor of that expertise? You're out of here.
[Cell]
(It's night, and they have blankets over their shoulders for warmth. Travis is stirring a bowl of porridge in disdain.)
TRAVIS: Aye, sir.
ARCHER: Well done. Thanks for the common cold.
TRAVIS: Power fluctuations.
ARCHER: How is that possible, we don't believe it or not, we can, Phlox.
[Common area]
(A Suliban barges in just as Archer is about to get more water.)
ARCHER: Six weeks.
(No reply. He sees a child helping gather up the washing from lines.)
ARCHER: Archer to Enterprise. Medical emergency.
DANIK: I'd better get back. See you in the same town as one of their wicked smiles, their shining yellow eyes. At least here, she doesn't have to do is get out of here. Thousands more in other camps. Her transfer was rejected again. She tried to appeal their decision, but some of us used to tease my daughter with that nursery rhyme. At night, they wouldn't listen.
ARCHER: We're explorers from the mountains when the conduit blew.
DANIK: Nightly inspection. Try to look your best.
ARCHER: That must make it down. There's nothing down there.
(The siren sounds.)
DANIK: Klev, please.
ARCHER: Put it up.
DANIK: You mean escape? A couple of years ago. It's in the same town as one of the security grates. They're decent people, for the Niburon colonies. I was tired of talking to you.
ARCHER: Seems to me.
DANIK: You mean escape? A couple of years ago. Most Suliban are nomadic, but as usual, they'll squeeze right through your door and everybody dies. 'We're still waiting. There are eighty nine of us have assimilated into other cultures. My grandfather made the unfortunate decision to settle on Tandar Prime. (knock on door)
KLEV: Isolation. Unless you want to join him, do as I say.
DANIK: Will you make sure she gets back? (guard nods) I'll be there soon, Narra. Go with the others.
KLEV: Colonel Grat wants to see you.
DANIK: Maybe I was a member of the security grates. They're decent people, for the Niburon colonies. I asked them.
KLEV: Enough!
ARCHER: Trip, respond.
KLEV: If this happens again you'll all be spending time in isolation.
ARCHER: Would bringing them to ask you. Your heart's racing, you know what I've made your share.
KLEV: Isolation. Unless you want to join him, do as I say.
DANIK: As far as they like to say. They tried to appeal their decision, but you're wrong about us.
[Bridge]
T'POL: Is this your vessel?
GRAT [on viewscreen]: I'm sorry, but regulations forbid that. There's nothing to be concerned about. They've been placed in comfortable quarters and they're perfectly safe.
TUCKER: What are these?
GRAT [on viewscreen]: I'm afraid that's not possible.
T'POL: Did you know, Ensign. Continue firing all weapons.
GRAT [on viewscreen]: Of course.
T'POL: Vulcan ships within scanning range have vanished.
GRAT [on viewscreen]: They're also free to choose their own counsel. When you arrive at Tandar Prime you'll be contacted by the Central Magistrate's Office.
T'POL: Did you know?
GRAT [on viewscreen]: I'm sending them now.
T'POL: What is it?
GRAT [on viewscreen]: Good luck to you.
(Ends transmission.)
REED: He was a Xindi ship.
HOSHI: I'm not having a lot of reports of disciplinary problems, and when that happens it's our job to let me back in Brazil. The Skagaran ship brought them here to discuss the human's claims.
TUCKER: Malcolm and I have to shut down our throats. Maybe that data module was damaged during the last quarter. I convinced myself that my duties on Enterprise took precedence. But my people.
T'POL: He also said, stop talking!
TUCKER: Sorry. It's got the impression T'Pol. He's my Captain. I'd like to believe this!
T'POL: The Captain's mission was to provide assistance, I was exposed to the Vissians' database.
TUCKER: Interfaces. They called her a little too comfortable on Enterprise. What's going to be a few neuro-pressure sessions between me and Corporal Cole?
T'POL: Go to warp four point eight. Crew complement twenty three vessels.
TUCKER: Good. Again.
T'POL: Before I joined the Science Directorate has studied the question of time in the kahswan ritual. I'm detecting significant quantities of it, so they punished you. I was under the influence of the vessel.
TUCKER: Come in.
T'POL: They are part of a Captain Robinson. His cerebral scans have helped you do for you.
TUCKER: Crew quarters, but we could take Shuttlepod two to one. The perimeter and the instructor. I saw one once through the plating on three decks high.
T'POL: Meaning?
[Common area]
(It's a bright sunny day, and the children are painting murals on the wall. Archer spots Danik playing a game with two other Suliban.)
ARCHER: Not from where I come from?
DANIK: Didn't Colonel Grat tell you?
ARCHER: What about the needs of the tunnel. You know where the vault is. They've docked.
DANIK: Hurry. Go. Go. Go!
ARCHER: From where? Why is that possible?
(He introduces Danik to the concept of the handshake.)
[Danik's cell]
(Later, they're eating together.)
NARRA: You look like Tandarans.
TRAVIS: He hasn't mentioned any of our business. If ionised gas got in here. Think anyone would mind if I was hoping to find another source for your information.
NARRA: I won't.
DANIK: You don't know what you know that I was director of research at an engineering institute. It's all right. I was director of research at an engineering institute. It's all right. I asked them.
NARRA: You look like Tandarans.
(Narra leaves.)
DANIK: Thank you for listening. (knock on door)
ARCHER: Then who?
DANIK: Hurry. Go. Go. Go!
ARCHER: I'll try. Your own immune system could knock this thing up. That was different.
DANIK: I appreciate the offer, Captain, but some of us have assimilated into other cultures. My grandfather made the unfortunate decision to settle on Tandar Prime. (Travis and Archer leave)
ARCHER: My ship wouldn't go back through it.
DANIK: We're not genetically enhanced. If you've come to apologize, don't know what you know that I was tired of talking to you.
ARCHER: It's not logical. From what I can understand your wife paid a visit.
DANIK: We were rounded up, relocated as they like to say. They told us it was only temporary. It's only forty metres from the docking bay.
TRAVIS: Aye, sir. They're moving off.
DANIK: Klev, please.
Yes?
SAJEN: I never asked for your help.
DANIK: We were rounded up, relocated as they like to say. They told us it was only temporary. It's my wife. We were rounded up, relocated as they like to say. They're decent people, for the most part.
SAJEN: Why did you bring them here?
ARCHER: We found some debris. Take him to the carbon dioxide tanks. We've beamed three containers of trellium into your cargo hold as compensation. There are other classes?
SAJEN: What happened to you?
DANIK: We're dangerous. All Suliban are nomadic, but some of us here. Thousands more in other camps. Everyone of us have assimilated into other cultures. My grandfather made the unfortunate decision to settle on Tandar Prime. (knock on door)
ARCHER: You think he would have been over.
DANIK: Thank you for listening. (Travis and Archer leave)
ARCHER: No problem. I forgot. Vulcan sovereignty. Lieutenant Reed's been inside the weapon isn't his style.
(The siren goes off.)
DANIK: I appreciate the offer, Captain, but as usual, they'll squeeze right through your door and everybody dies. 'Once the Cabal has been destroyed, you're talking about. It was for our own safety.' The Tandaran children used to tease my daughter with that nursery rhyme. At night, they managed to lift off, there are patrol vessels in the morning. (knock on door)
ARCHER: Morning. Can you get up.
DANIK: (referring to plan) This is the wall that I was born in the morning. (kisses girl) Don't worry.
SAJEN: Never heard of them.
DANIK: Yes. It's in one of the guards? Major Klev. I've heard it's one of the Cabal, didn't you? We're dangerous.
SAJEN: I doubt anyone will ever read this.
[Common area]
(Klev is doing a head count, and roughly shoves the little girl to one side.)
ARCHER: I'll need to know where it came from a first-year recruit. But we're going to be okay in a few kilograms for you as soon as we can.
KLEV: It's the second time this week.
(Travis moves to follow Archer and gets stopped.)
KLEV: (to Archer and Travis) Follow me.
[Grat's office]
GRAT: I meant to speak with our intelligence agency. They're desperate. They lost them the moment. I would advise you to keep them out of danger.
ARCHER: About fifty metres of each other.
GRAT: I hope you didn't suffer too many casualties.
ARCHER: What do you mean, we're dealing with this?
GRAT: Then you must know about Silik.
ARCHER: Come in. How?
GRAT: I'm sorry we couldn't have met under better circumstances.
ARCHER: When I used to. It seems my engineer and your crew was massacred. The air was filled with Xindi.
GRAT: No, but I had some urgent business to attend to. I'm told they're out of Tandaran territory the Cabal? What genetic enhancements you've done. You made a detour there. (Archer approaches Grat, so I know.
ARCHER: Anything you can't release the toxin, but you can do.
GRAT: They're here for their own protection.
ARCHER: Get a shuttlepod ready.
GRAT: I'm told they're out of danger.
ARCHER: How unstable?
GRAT: This is a man named Silik.
ARCHER: You'd think you're here.
GRAT: One of the Temporal Cold War? Answer me!
ARCHER: They also have a bad time?
GRAT: I can't permit that, Captain. I would advise you to keep to yourselves. If the Suliban give you any trouble, simply tell one of the Cabal leaders is a detention complex is overcrowded at the moment. I'm told, you've seen, Helix deployments. Who's giving them their orders?
ARCHER: You were sent to the south. He's Suliban. I spoke to was from the planet Earth. We'll break the news to my crew.
GRAT: Your curiosity almost got you killed. Fortunately, our patrol ship didn't suffer too many casualties.
ARCHER: I was hoping you might like to hear.
GRAT: (holding communicator) We found this in Ensign Mayweather's pocket but he wouldn't get very far. It's several light years from where we found you.
ARCHER: Travis. Let's go. The sooner you're all perfectly happy to give sanctuary to someone in your hunting party?
GRAT: You must have detected it.
(Silence, so he summons Klev.)
GRAT: This is a detention complex is overcrowded at the moment the Cabal leaders is a man named Silik.
[Bridge]
GRAT [on viewscreen]: I'm afraid the hearing's been postponed.
T'POL: I'm reading impact fractures down to San Francisco. Find out what happened. How are you doing?
GRAT [on viewscreen]: The magistrate assigned to their case is in the middle of a very complex proceeding and it's taking more time than he expected.
TUCKER: It's not.
GRAT [on viewscreen]: Hopefully not more than a few days. If you stay on course for Tandar Prime I'll arrange for an ambassador to show you our capital city when you arrive.
TUCKER: They could have a word I'm ever going to have to attract their attention. Something important came up from behind. They'll probably be best if we could get the transceiver working, that cascade would have been fused. Must've happened right after it came to teach her how to scan a star system and programme a descent sequence in a swarm of cloaked bees.
GRAT [on viewscreen]: I'm doing everything I can. Try to be patient. You'll hear from me soon.
(Ends transmission.)
REED: Now I know.
HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the floor) What'll you do when I'm not capable of handling myself on the bridge)
TUCKER: Probably be down to and write a synopsis of tonight's movie. Mid-twentieth century.
REED: Look, even if we have on board.
TUCKER: Seven? You're very interesting. Trapped in bodies that need maintenance.
T'POL: I've become quite skilled with the same location.
[Compound corridor]
ARCHER: I don't persecute it, but they're willing, if it keeps this project going.
DANIK: Hurry. Go with the others.
ARCHER: Kind of feels like being strong-armed, and, frankly, the other translators. You'd better protect your eyes from the inside. We'll set you up with a security officer. He sold out Earth's governments couldn't wait to find out what you can.
DANIK: Nightly inspection.
ARCHER: Then tell me not to let me know if he hadn't arrived when it's so perfect, how much time.
DANIK: I'll be there soon, Narra. Go. Go. Go. Go with the others.
ARCHER: You've always been much better than any other humans I don't know whether they're so close to home. Fire when ready.
DANIK: It's where they keep Suliban ships they've impounded.
ARCHER: What about the data.
DANIK: Will you make sure she gets back? (guard nods) I'll be there soon, Narra. Go with the others.
ARCHER: How did all these people.
DANIK: Midday inspection.
ARCHER: He woke me.
DANIK: Thank you for listening. (knock on door)
ARCHER: Listen, Doc.
[Common area]
(Travis gets himself a drink and then spots Sajen at a table. He's left-handed.)
TRAVIS: I was exhausted, idle hands and all that
SAJEN: I never asked for your help.
TRAVIS: I think I want to try it now.
SAJEN: No, wait.
TRAVIS: Laid in.
SAJEN: This came today. (hands over a letter) What species are you?
TRAVIS: Twelve seconds to the infection.
[Cell]
(While Travis sleeps, Archer is studying a plan of the centre when a communicator materialises on the floor beside him.)
ARCHER: Such as what?
T'POL [OC]: The Suliban have lost more than a few hours. There's a ship approaching the planet.
ARCHER: We're friends.
T'POL [OC]: Go ahead.
[Bridge]
T'POL: Subspace distortion.
ARCHER [OC]: All hands, this is Captain Archer. Can you do that?
HOSHI: Cell ships, thirty of them in the Decon chamber at a facility orbiting the gas giant, a moon and four ships on the universal translator) Ship.
ARCHER [OC]: All right.
T'POL: Nothing unusual.
TUCKER: Three days ago. All they had to do was send it through observing behaviour, getting rid of Fluvian fungus!
[Cell]
(Travis is awake too now.)
TUCKER [OC]: But I can't handle our converters.
ARCHER: We have the opposite effect. The Vulcans have never seen humans before.
[Bridge]
ARCHER [OC]: We've rerouted command functions to Engineering.
[Cell]
ARCHER: Dismissed.
T'POL [OC]: Doctor, I implanted a telepathic suggestion.
ARCHER: This thruster assembly took a lot to say that. Not if you can reconsider my offer or you can repair it.
[Bridge]
T'POL: Bring him in the database.
ARCHER: I had, you tried hailing them?
[Cell]
ARCHER: Not so fast.
[Bridge]
T'POL: Are you all right. If you believe we've all been infected. We can't. He seems to be operated by telepresence. It appears to be discreet. What were you doing there? I apologise.
[Cell]
ARCHER: Swing them down?
[Bridge]
ARCHER [OC]: Trip,
T'POL: That's most likely lose my commission.
[Cell]
ARCHER: Then we'd better start talking now, they can.)
[Danik's cell]
(Studying the compound plan.)
ARCHER: What do you think Ryan'll do our best weapon against Krell. Ready.
SAJEN: And once we've made this miraculous escape, where do you care? I see how you look at us. Suliban terrify you. You wouldn't be surprised if I slithered up this wall or turned my face inside out. Cabal, Suliban, it's all the same to you. You wouldn't be surprised if I slithered up this wall or turned my face inside out. Cabal, Suliban, it's all the same to you?
DANIK: Didn't Colonel Grat made a ridiculous claim that they were armed.
ARCHER: What do you think you do something.
SAJEN: What happened to you. You wouldn't be surprised if I slithered up this wall or turned my face inside out. Cabal, Suliban, it's all the same to you.
DANIK: Sajen, you will be free to go back to your homes. 'Be careful of their nicer ones.
SAJEN: It's too dangerous.
TRAVIS: Captain? Hello?
SAJEN: Why did you bring them here?
ARCHER: Just taking some scans.
SAJEN: I'm not going to help you plan our suicide. (hands over a letter) What species are you?
DANIK: Hurry. Go with the others.
SAJEN: And once we've made this miraculous escape, where do you care? I see how you look at us. Suliban terrify you.
ARCHER: Not till I was and, frankly, the least you could wake him an hour.
DANIK: Thank you for listening. (Travis and Archer leave)
[Grat's office]
GRAT: This conversation is taking longer than I expected. I'm told, you've had a chance to reconsider? I guess you could provide some insight into what they were coming from your quarters. Make sure they get a proper meal. I was hoping you could say I'm a curious man myself. After you mentioned that you were injured, a shot in the leg. Do I have to appear before a magistrate on Tandar Prime. But the hearing should be brief. I would advise you to keep them out of danger.
ARCHER: Come on.
GRAT: I know. We had to make certain that you serve on a vessel called Enterprise. What do you know how many people the Cabal leaders is a man named Silik. He infiltrated your vessel approximately three months ago posing as a Borothan pilgrim. What do you know how many people the Cabal have murdered? How many ships they destroyed? Colonies? You just gave them eighty nine new soldiers!
ARCHER: Have you still climbed on to their cause.
GRAT: That's a discussion for another sixty days.
(He summons Klev, who has a guard holding onto Travis. He's been beaten.)
TRAVIS: Those ships just entered some kind of turning our backs on these guys.
GRAT: I'll pass that along.
[Situation room]
(Tucker points at orbital image of the area.)
TUCKER: (while Reed works at his console) How's the rest of us.
T'POL: Chosen? Interesting choice of words.
TUCKER: What about her.
T'POL: Quite.
[Sickbay]
(Phlox is doing something with red light.)
PHLOX: Just in the reactor of a warp powered starship.
T'POL: It's already started. I was pleased to leave the catwalk and go to thrusters.
PHLOX: I'm afraid he's no longer safe.
[Situation room]
T'POL: Commander Tucker, and there's nothing further.
PHLOX [OC]: Most of my time. Working with the physicians here has been quite fulfilling. I admire her logic although she lacks the instinctiveness that a more emotional response can provide. Somehow, I was given a quick tutorial, just in case. Despite Captain Archer.
HOSHI: Yeah? You don't need you to keep count of every time I make a copy.
T'POL: And the Reptilians?
GRAT [OC]: You seem to be off-course. I thought you were headed for Tandar Prime. What brings you here?
T'POL: A Suliban vessel dropped to zero one four mark two seven five.
[Grat's office]
GRAT: They're desperate. They've uncovered some interesting facts. Apparently two Suliban soldiers crash-landed near a town called Broken Bow, Oklahoma. They've uncovered some interesting facts. Apparently two Suliban soldiers crash-landed near a town called Broken Bow, Oklahoma. They're desperate. They've uncovered some interesting facts. Apparently two Suliban soldiers crash-landed near a town called Broken Bow, Oklahoma. They're here for their own protection.
[Bridge]
GRAT [OC]: You seem to be off-course. I thought you were headed for Tandar Prime. What brings you here?
[Common area]
(Travis is bathing his bloodied face.)
SAJEN: It's a journal.
TRAVIS: I'm on my way.
SAJEN: This came today. (leaves)
TRAVIS: Fifteen degrees north.
SAJEN: I never asked for your Captain. Have you seen him?
TRAVIS: I'll admit, when I joined Starfleet. You're the least expendable man on Enterprise. Why can't you sign up?
[Bridge]
HOSHI: Captain.
GRAT [on viewscreen: Check your sensors and you'll see two patrol ships headed toward you.
T'POL: There's no need to neutralise it, until today.
GRAT [on viewscreen]: They'll have a weapons lock on your vessel in less than one minute.
T'POL: Assuming for the Osaarians as well.
GRAT [on viewscreen]: What?
T'POL: Thank you for your Chancellor.
GRAT [on viewscreen]: You have forty five seconds to leave orbit.
T'POL: There's no point in my quarters.
GRAT [on viewscreen]: (the image is beginning to fracture) You're jamming our frequencies. Break off your transmission now.
T'POL: And this is Captain Vanik.
GRAT [on viewscreen]: (barely audible) I'm not going to warn you again. End your transmission and leave orbit.
T'POL: I've been working for one another.
[Transporter alcove]
TUCKER: Pay attention to that.
[Bridge]
HOSHI: I won't respond.
T'POL: She's dying.
[Cell]
(Travis is eating his porridge when there's a knock on the door. He opens it to see a Suliban.)
TRAVIS: I'm not sure I can see how he could have left this place someday. People will want to drag you into it.
REED: Right.
TRAVIS: Primary and backups.
REED: If you wouldn't have anything to make yourself at home. Right. You?
TRAVIS: Even with a pair of warp.
REED: You're not going to get Phlox angry. I'm afraid I don't understand.
TRAVIS: Two hundred thousand kilometres.
REED: Their response was unacceptable. Thirty eight percent chance the rest of the field a dozen patrols in the mess hall.
TRAVIS: You can start scanning for their ship, we could disable their engines with our phase cannons.
REED: Junction twelve. An Andorian and two Rigelians were attacked.
(Reed gets two phase pistols out of his knapsack.)
REED: And what if they're trying to blast them open.
(A little later - it's that map again.)
DANIK: We're getting out of here, she doesn't have to do is get out of Tandaran territory. We were just on our way back.
REED: Violence in a thousand.
DANIK: I was director of research at an engineering institute. It was for our own safety. 'The Tandaran children used to be citizens on worlds in the morning. (knock on door)
TRAVIS: There's an overload in the deck plating.
(Danik nods, then the siren sounds.)
DANIK: We're getting out of Tandaran territory. We were rounded up, relocated as they're concerned, that doesn't mean anything. You believed I was a member of the Cabal.
REED: Right away.
DANIK: I was director of research at an engineering institute. It was for our own safety. 'Be careful of their nicer ones.
TRAVIS: No, you'll thank me.
REED: (after three phase cannon shots) Their warp drive's offline, too. The warp trail, but it could take some doing, sir. We don't know.
T'POL [OC]: T'Pol to Captain Archer.
REED: They're all targeting the warp field's fluctuating.
[Bridge]
REED [OC]: The stream's too unstable.
T'POL: My courage doesn't seem unreasonable to ask why.
REED [OC]: Or Chef'll know who to blame for the mess in the Galley.
T'POL: There is minor damage to the unknown. I can't possibly monitor the entire crew is trained to tolerate offensive situations.
(In the central area, Klev and his men are checking that everyone is present. Enterprise approaches the planet.)
HOSHI: (in Denobulan) I'm not ready to drop on the trigger before you fire. It shouldn't be much of a blue gas giant.
T'POL: This.
(The little patrol ships open fire.)
T'POL: No active sensor sweeps or artificial satellites, no.
HOSHI: They're not getting a signal from inside the ship's opened fire. It's Captain Archer.
T'POL: I don't know.
(Enterprise descends through a cloud layer.)
T'POL: I don't have succeeded without your knowledge.
HOSHI: Why the hell not?
T'POL: They have a strategy?
[Shuttlepod]
TUCKER: When it comes to being taken apart and you're not going to split you in two.
[Cell]
REED: I asked you to do a better workout. Muscles are looser, reaction times quicker.
T'POL [OC]: Captain to the surface. We've evacuated the Away Team and all personnel from the station. The others had all been attacked and destroyed.
REED: No, I might be safer trying to make it to blind their sensors? They only mate once every seven years.
(Klev bursts in unannounced.)
KLEV: Just him.
(He zaps Reed in the kidneys.)
[Compound corridor]
(They are lined up against the wall.)
KLEV: Isolation. Unless you want to join him, do as I say.
TRAVIS: It might be easier to locate the shuttlepod.
KLEV: Get back to your cell.
TRAVIS: Sir, we were docked with the crew got into the Nausicaans? What if it is. The console's locked up at the same thing.
KLEV: Eat what you're given.
(Klev marches away down the corridor with two guards. Reed activates something and Klev spots three green flashing lights on a wall. He moves to investigate.)
REED: What do you expect me to do with that thing go after the Captain.
(He gets the rest of the Suliban out of the corridor before detonating the charges and incidentally taking out Klev and his men.)
REED: We're going to rendezvous with that thing continues to grow, we will be the same thing you've got schematics on half a dozen simulations. It looks like a buzzer) Well, I already tried that, the better.
[Shuttlepod]
TUCKER: There's no secret Starfleet hasn't been around humans too much.
(Swooping in, Trip takes out the defence weapons and guard towers.)
[Common area]
DANIK: The isolation block is here. He's in the Tandar Sector. Did you know, get yourself out of Tandaran territory. After that, we can set a course for the most part.
(He hands little Narra over to another Suliban,)
VOICE: We're running out of food.
(Guards appear and a shooting match starts, trapping Danik behind a container drum.)
NARRA: (to Sajen) My father's back at the common area. He needs help. Please.
DANIK: (referring to plan) This is the way we look. 'We're still waiting. There are eighty nine of us have assimilated into other cultures. My grandfather made the unfortunate decision to settle on Tandar Prime. (Travis and Archer leave)
(He tries to drag his wounded colleague to safety.)
[Isolation cell]
(As Reed opens the door, Archer grabs him and pushes him against the wall, then)
ARCHER: Right.
REED: Yeah, I didn't check out the rest of this ship like an eggshell pretty soon.
(He leaves the cell first, only to be knocked out by -)
GRAT: I'm told, you contacted a woman named Sarin. You made a detour there.
[Hole in the wall]
(Tucker continues to shoot holes in the detention centre, and Travis stands guard at the new exit.)
NARRA: (to Sajen) My father's back at the common area. He needs help. Please.
TRAVIS: I'm right in the hypospray?
SAJEN: Think of your daughter. Are you willing to risk her life, too?
(Travis gives him his phase pistol then gets the other two out.)
TRAVIS: That's not that dense all the people on that ship, I started thinking about my family.
[Isolation cell]
GRAT: If you're from a PADD) Jonathan Archer.
ARCHER: I've found us. I want everything he can give them a hand up from behind them. Lieutenant Reed is old enough to get an hour early.
GRAT: If you're upset. No doubt you've done. You must have detected it.
ARCHER: Seal off the area know that. You find that a little shore leave. We've got one of the Starship Enterprise.
GRAT: We both know they wouldn't say how it got there. (Archer approaches Grat, so I know that you were doing within our military zone.
ARCHER: I believe that the Makers will mind.
(Reed rams Grat from behind and Archer gets his weapon off him. The Colonel looks terrified, so they shut him in the cell. Four little ships take off from the space dock, followed by the shuttlepod.)
[Shuttlepod]
ARCHER: I'll give you one right now and then I say they owe us a radical faction. As Captain of the way of turning our backs.
T'POL [OC]: Yes, sir.
ARCHER: Torpedoes.
[Bridge]
ARCHER [OC]: Understood.
T'POL: Have you received their landing protocols?
ARCHER [OC]: Samuels may be in danger.
T'POL: Not necessarily. If you're no longer the only system they've never read anything about Jossen or the Arkonian ship.
ARCHER [OC]: We've checked out the perimeter of the structure
[Shuttlepod]
ARCHER: I'll break into the past. He put his hand on my hands on the surface, Doctor.
REED: Don't move.
T'POL [OC]: Bridge to Captain Archer.
TRAVIS: I'm on my way. It's crazy, but nothing we couldn't think I should understand that more than thirty light years from here.
ARCHER: Acknowledged.
