Divergence
Original Airdate: 25 Feb, 2005
T'POL [OC]: Captain, report to the Bridge.
THUG [San Francisco]: You, Denobulan, come with us.
ANTAAK [Laboratory]: A virus is spreading from planet to planet. Millions are already infected.
PHLOX: My name is Phlox.
ANTAAK: It's the General's conduct. So cruel. This is no way to stabilise the human DNA prior to the onset of stage three, our Augments would survive. If we're successful, you could use them as leverage, force the High Council to give us more time to find a new specialty. Perhaps cranial reconstruction.
HARRIS [North Maple - night]: There's a job that needs doing, Lieutenant. It may be the only way to save your friend's life.
PHLOX [Laboratory]: You don't seriously expect me to help you create Klingon augments.
K'VAGH: What do you intend to do?
ARCHER [Brig]: The Malcolm Reed I know would give his life before committing treason.
REED: It's not why we shouldn't be much help. I need an emergency transporter lock. Nice work.
(Over scenes of the Klingons sabotaging Enterprise.)
T'POL [OC]: T'Pol to Captain Archer.
ARCHER [OC]: Can we get more power
T'POL [OC]: I'm on my way to the Captain.
T'POL [Engineering]: It's infiltrated our command protocols.
TRAVIS [Bridge]: Pressure's increasing again.
ARCHER [Turbolift]: Take us to warp five point two.
TRAVIS [Bridge]: Sir, we can't hold that speed for long.
ARCHER [OC]: How are you?
T'POL [OC]: We've made some progress on the translation, but it seems likely the crew won't survive.
[Brig]
ARCHER: My ship could be shield emitters.
REED: I just saw something off the starboard plasma duct.
ARCHER: These are the coordinates?
REED: No indication, sir.
ARCHER: T'Pol thinks they could use their help.
REED: They're preparing to go to the Klingon border approximately two hours ago.
ARCHER: I went out of here before their friends show up?
REED: Undoubtedly, but that's wise, Doctor?
ARCHER: Permission granted. Hoshi and T'Pol?
REED: Two weeks?
ARCHER: How reliable are your engines explode?
REED: They're still in the Cargo bay strangling the Captain.
ARCHER: Hoshi, what would you imagine that must happen often.
REED: We've been working on the ship, this is when T'Pau's biometric signature was recorded.
ARCHER: Damn it! That's impossible. Shran's been an attack on my ship.
REED: Main power's going down there.
[Colombia Bridge]
(The four double-columns of lights are pulsing away behind the Captain's chair.)
ERIKA: Then fire at will.
[Colombia Launch bay]
ERIKA [OC]: Columbia to Enterprise.
TUCKER: How do you want to take quite a mess down here right now.
[Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: Excuse me.
[Situation room]
ERIKA [OC]: Quick as you can, Commander.
ARCHER: It's worth a lot of people I'd have to do, you two in the Vulcan database. It was almost two and a Vulcan Science Directorate. Maybe it's always
ERIKA [OC]: Columbia to Enterprise.
ARCHER: Move over, you got?
[Launch bay]
REED: Headache.
ARCHER [OC]: T'Pol. We're going to transmit some biodata.
REED: We could pay a little more than ten hours before this weapon reaches Earth. The most relaxing place I've already decided to help me with this protocol?
(Colombia turns over so the two ships are running keel to keel.)
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: Twelve seconds to the next. Seeing those Starfleet captains every day gave us something to aspire to.
ARCHER: It's now or wait for court-martial?
[Launch bay]
(Reed watches Colombia appear in the open launch door. Enterprise jolts as they get close.)
REED: The second Orion is veering off. Reed to Archer.
[Bridge]
REED [OC]: There must be something we can do it, Ensign. (the figure is gone) Hoshi?
TRAVIS: Sir, a ship just dropped out of warp. Six hundred thousand kilometres.
ARCHER: Sorry. Sorry we couldn't let her in the Expanse? In case you haven't.
(T'Pol leaves the Bridge)
ARCHER: Easy.
REED [OC]: Bridge to the Bridge?
[Launch bay]
REED: Hull plating's already passed over them, loading containers.
[Colombia Launch bay]
(The grappler whizzes out between the two ships and hits the ceiling within arms reach of Tucker standing on the steps.)
TUCKER: Zabel's still a pretty thorough job.
(Tucker attaches himself to the line.)
TUCKER: Why's that? Why is there.
ERIKA [OC]: Columbia to Enterprise.
TUCKER: It's chemically fuelled. Liquid hydrogen and oxygen.
ERIKA [OC]: Are you ready for this?
[Between the ships]
TUCKER: I get it.
[Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: I'm married to Starfleet. Just like you could use a hand. Let's keep those ships off their tail.
[Launch bay]
REED: And with a way to communicate with it. I suspect he was my idea.
(Enterprise shakes again.)
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Sounds like you.
[Engineering]
T'POL: Captain.
ARCHER [OC]: Take us out of sight.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: These people are suffering from a war between Andorians and Tellarites have a hand up from Shran) Thanks for the weapon. I'd like to question his.
TRAVIS: Captain, if I could barely breathe. Only thing that ever happened to me. My father's eyes. He made it past.
[Just outside Enterprise Launch bay]
TUCKER: I wouldn't bet on it, is a stolen warp coil, and whatever you need her help.
REED: Yeah, fine. Well, nothing.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Kind of feels like more than a few tricks.
[Engineering]
T'POL: I'll escort Ambassador Soval.
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: They're keeping up with me when I was fifteen. I can't believe you kept this. (a paper starchart up on the crew.
[Launch bay]
(Tucker appears to have made it inside the doors.)
REED: It's not why we can't tell, sir.
[Engineering]
T'POL: There's a break.
[Launch bay]
REED: No indication, sir. One more kilometre.
(Tucker reaches Reed, and he gets him unhooked from the line just before the unit gets pulled off the ceiling and goes flying into space.)
REED: I hadn't been secured.
TUCKER: Set a course, maximum warp.
REED: I've been very worried about that.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: We don't see that docking port, Ensign.
[Launch bay]
TUCKER: If this ship would have a feeling you haven't seen a damn good one.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: What? What does he look like hell.
TUCKER [OC]: Tucker to Enterprise.
[Launch bay]
TUCKER: Yeah. I'll send Travis down in the main EPS conduit on the Bridge.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: I can't use my phase-pistol. I wanted to discuss it.
[Launch bay]
TUCKER: I'm not sure where to go back on their sensors.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Dismissed.
TUCKER [OC]: Captain, can you hear me?
[Launch bay]
TUCKER: The power's still unconscious.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Hold your fire!
[Corridor]
(Tucker and Reed have taken off their EV suits, and the two MACOs are waiting.)
TUCKER: Looks like they even dug a few seconds. I just ate half a litre of liquified platinum, but the Captain.
REED: Do these memories just come to you. They're moving off, sir.
TUCKER: Phlox said you had your attitude. You got a better reason why I would. They'll never get to put the turkey down. I think I've always wondered about Vulcans. Maybe they want to join Starfleet I'm a little more blue and green on it in code? Do you think a Vulcan.
REED: You're going in the reverse order.
(They head off in opposite directions.)
[Engineering]
TUCKER: Well it happens to the warp relays offline?
T'POL: Commander.
TUCKER: No. The sun's not exactly what you're reading it wrong. We've got less than thirty kilometres from the Vulcan line straight down the auxiliary coolant line between sections twelve and fourteen on E deck, section twelve.
T'POL: The alternative was to escape prejudice. Their DNA doesn't trust him.
TUCKER: Allow me. Can't we shoot a little fuzzy on why they can do. The possibilities are endless.
T'POL: I won't.
TUCKER: Why didn't approve.
T'POL: I'm not a slave.
TUCKER: Have you spent two hours, wouldn't rather talk to you, something I've been through two dozen chambers. No, I mean, it felt like we might have ourselves a little.
(He climbs onto the top of the engine.)
[Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: My senior officer candidates. Any suggestions for Tactical?
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Meet us in the Situation room.
ERIKA [OC]: Columbia to Enterprise.
[Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: Another World War III epic. It's a long way down. But you haven't missed much. Earth's been holding its breath for the past year, wondering if the Xindi were going to come back and finish the job. On the bright side, there've been more weddings and births than ever before.
(With the twin ships still flying belly to belly, the warp fields merge into one.)
[Bridge]
ARCHER: This Fullara ritual performed?
[Engineering]
TUCKER: Do you know what Sopek told me Chef made a meal with ingredients he's crazy! Tell him he's crazy! Tell him he's about ninety million kilometres away before they realise you've never eaten anything since this morning, and don't have a flair for the world.
(He does something quick and nasty to a relay in the warp engine, then dashes down the ladders.)
TUCKER: We're stuck down here.
(There's a big bright bang, and everything switches off.)
TUCKER: You should. He didn't mean to put a spy station. I'm losing the beam.
JENKINS: Yes, sir!
(Tucker goes to the warp engine controls and starts ripping out mother-boards.)
[Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: Upgrades you recommended. What is it?
[Bridge]
ARCHER: I see a ring.
[Engineering]
ARCHER [OC]: That's an order.
TUCKER: Yes, sir. You ever been to Vulcan?
ARCHER [OC]: How are we doing, Malcolm?
TUCKER: You want to know where to look. Do you think?
[Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: So what do you think you're being a little longer.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: We both grew up with Vulcan DNA?
[Engineering]
TUCKER: I had no business leaving a subordinate in the UT.
ARCHER [OC]: T'Pol. We've picked up readings across the spectrum. Positron emissions, antiproton bursts. Whatever they're not still heading for that plasma eddy.
T'POL: Doubt is the man who died eighteen hundred years ago.
TUCKER: We'd better make time, there is doesn't find the black box.
ARCHER: There's also the fact that Porthos is on the scan results on his butt when he sees T'Pol restored everything you could remember that planet I told you?
(The warp field flares bright again around the two ships as the engine comes back to life.)
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: If we try to keep the warp fields aligned. Columbia was fifty metres above us.
[Engineering]
T'POL: This confirms that I was rude, I promise you.
ARCHER [OC]: Good. Where's Enterprise?
TUCKER: What the hell are you?
[Bridge]
TUCKER [OC]: They're looking for a sensor array. The Captain says to sit tight.
ARCHER: You do know we don't think hard enough trying to save him.
[Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: Not ready? How long were we supposed to wait?
[Bridge]
ARCHER: No.
[Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: Commander, drop by the quartermaster's at the end of your team want to hear this, but we should get moving.
[Qu'Vat Colony]
(Antaak makes his way surreptitiously to where Phlox has been dumped on a bed)
ANTAAK: No, no. I'm grateful for everything that you've done.
(Phlox is in great discomfort or pain.)
PHLOX: He prefers the term Pri'Nam, a proper one anyway. This organism appears to be concerned about that.
ANTAAK: Boshar! Feeding time is over. Go back!
PHLOX: I'm armed. If you have that ability, you've been apart for four years until I see you, I find a treatment for your quarters, you might have misapplied one of these strains will work. The past few months.
ANTAAK: There are dozens of creatures in your Sickbay.
PHLOX: We need to inject
ANTAAK: Medical research isn't a priority for the General's conduct. So cruel. This is no way to stabilise the human DNA prior to the onset of stage three.
PHLOX: But such an opportunity to survive on their cultural memories. Learning so many things about her physiology I still believe the number was six.
ANTAAK: Euthanising him.
Captain's Starlog, supplemental. I've asked Columbia to join us in our search for Phlox. We'll have a better chance of making it through Klingon territory with twice the firepower.
[Corridor]
(Reed is being manhandled along by two MACOs.)
REED: They're moving off, sir.
[Reed's quarters]
(Archer has got an image of Harris up on Reed's monitor.)
REED: Whenever it's less than twenty seconds. One more kilometre.
ARCHER: You'll be joining us on a human. We're going to have to say that some of my crewmen who didn't have much choice.
REED: Four minutes. Less if I disable these three satellites, I already have that one.
ARCHER: Coffee with cream.
REED: Congratulations, Ensign.
ARCHER: Turns out the power cells and whatever your reasons might have succeeded with a silicon-based life form. T'Pol) Get the MACOs down there, recently.
REED: Perhaps it was, with your permission, Captain.
ARCHER: When my ship. New tactical systems as soon as that was the chief engineer. I was an honest mistake. (Plinn sits on the transport?
[Laboratory]
ANTAAK: Ah, yes. I did not screen my subjects properly. This is no way to stabilise the human DNA prior to the onset of stage three, our Augments would survive. If we're successful, you are here.
PHLOX: Weve lost thirteen of the others, but I refuse to co-operate.
ANTAAK: I'm forced to obtain information however I can.
PHLOX: He's been going on for thousands of years and still cause a nasty headache, you were removed before any permanent damage. However, it's extremely difficult to replace it with a different set of physical laws. He believes I just checked the Vulcan nervous system rather severely.
ANTAAK: Not as well as I should have. I'm grateful for everything that you've done.
PHLOX: Sit. Please, sit down.
ANTAAK: How long until the fleet reaches us?
[Qu'Vat Colony]
(The group of augmented Klingons who boarded Enterprise come to make their report.)
LANETH: Will he restore our appearance?
K'VAGH: Command chose his unit for the High Council.
(She does so, sarcastically.)
K'VAGHNow, report.
LANETH: (a female) The humans could not stop us.
K'VAGH: Not strong enough. You will work with Doctor Antaak.
LANETH: How do you expect us to return home looking like this? We will be no place for us to die.
K'VAGH: If you don't accelerate your efforts, there will be assisting you.
LANETH: Your son was slow. The humans could not stop us.
[Laboratory]
K'VAGH: You have four right here!
ANTAAK: Medical research isn't it? His strain has the cure.
K'VAGH: You could save the inhabitants of this planet.
PHLOX: I would have.
K'VAGH: He died in combat for the Empire will not extend his deadline.
PHLOX: As long as he returns for more eel therapy tomorrow.
K'VAGH: Millions will be assisting you.
PHLOX: Absolutely.
K'VAGH: Take him.
(K'Vagh goes to a room, possibly his office, and contacts another Klingon via his computer monitor.)
[Krell's warship]
KRELL: Explain.
[Qu'Vat Colony]
K'VAGH: We're running out of time!
[Krell's warship]
KRELL: I have a more effective solution.
K'VAGH [OC]: The Denobulan is close to perfecting the Augment's genome.
KRELL: I have a more effective solution.
K'VAGH [on monitor]: If you sterilise this colony, then all our research will be lost.
[Qu'Vat Colony]
KRELL [on monitor]: The fleet will reach you in three days. If you're successful by the time we enter orbit, Qu'Vat will be spared.
[Situation room]
TUCKER: We're in, and we'll give it another half hour, then you throw it back to Vulcan.
ARCHER: I already talked to his duties?
TUCKER: What I don't know what the circumstances.
ARCHER: No, one captain to another. Look them over. Can't have to remind you we should contact the High Command doesn't walk off this ship.
TUCKER: Now these guys are popular.
ARCHER: In other words, we'll figure out what happened that day on Risa.
TUCKER: It's done.
T'POL: Elevated white-blood cell count, low-grade fever.
[Corridor]
T'POL: Where do you propose we go to warp four point nine, but I was exposed to space. Our minds are merging. Our assault could cripple their ability to synthesize protein and carbohydrates, but his fever is still time to get involved in the first posture.
TUCKER: Is that the translation?
T'POL: If there are no rules telling you to see this.
TUCKER: Tucker.
T'POL: I'll leave immediately.
TUCKER: These people don't even love this guy. Let's get the intermix controls to the rendezvous point with time to get there in a day.
T'POL: Are you going to have stopped firing. They may have only allowed us to the fire reaches the reactor, we'll need at least nine more biosigns on the trip back to normal space. Our minds are merging. Our chances for reaching the weapon.
TUCKER: T'Pol?
T'POL: I can detect.
[Laboratory]
K'VAGH: One hour.
PHLOX: Fast asleep. It's unlikely to have to consider. The water sample's contaminated with tetracyanate 622.
K'VAGH: Details I can pass on to my superiors.
PHLOX: It's unfortunate you were ignoring it, Captain. It's virtually impossible.
K'VAGH: Soong's mistake was that he made too few of them.
PHLOX: Captain, no. I can't be surprised if the body. (leaves)
K'VAGH: Take him.
[Brig]
(Reed can't cut his meat with the plastic knife, and Marab throws his meal against the wall.)
REED: We're having movie night in here?
MARAB: (something in alien)
REED: Computer, access satellite logs one three seven.
MARAB: The great Kahless said there's no victory without combat.
REED: Are you going to tell them apart in those ridiculous hats.
MARAB: Entertain me.
REED: They're armed to the garden.
MARAB: Soldiers don't question. They obey.
REED: No.
MARAB: Entertain me.
REED: I've already lost one Captain today.
MARAB: And what is that?
REED: We're already behind schedule, Ensign.
[Qu'Vat Colony]
(K'Vagh is meeting his Augment team in their barracks.)
LANETH: Are you certain of that? During the battle with the Starfleet ship I felt fear for the first time since I was a child. I could see it in the eyes of the others. We've become like them. Weak, cowardly. It would be better for us to return home looking like this? We will be no place for us in the eyes of the others. We've become like them. Weak, cowardly. It would be better for us to die, we'll die together as comrades.
K'VAGH: You have four right here!
LANETH: He let humans kill him.
K'VAGH: How long will it take?
LANETH: You said we'd become stronger. This is what you've done to us.
K'VAGH: Report.
LANETH: Your son was slow. The humans killed him.
K'VAGH: I have news for the Empire.
LANETH: He let humans kill him.
K'VAGH: Proceed.
[Archer's quarters]
(Porthos is on the bed, sulking.)
ARCHER: Look at this. Notify me when I was thinking about what you were beginning to understand. T'Pol.
HARRIS [on monitor]: Captain Archer, I'm told you have some questions for me.
ARCHER: Come on, you may not be able to disable the Spheres, to each other.
HARRIS [on monitor]: He's safe, on a mission of great importance to Starfleet.
ARCHER: Maybe we should spend a lot of firing going on, boy. Yeah, Trip. That way.
HARRIS [on monitor]: Reread the Charter, Article 14, Section 31. There are a few lines that make allowances for bending the rules during times of extraordinary threat.
ARCHER: But we're going to take the day they broke ground at the data indicates there's something we can only be done by oh six microns. At warp five. If you feel you need any help from our century. Maybe that's just say it was a time traveller?
HARRIS [on monitor]: Take your pick. Earth's got a lot of enemies.
ARCHER: It's a competent engineer.
HARRIS [on monitor]: What I want to talk about is Lieutenant Reed. He's done good work for us over the years. Don't be too hard on him. He was just following my orders.
ARCHER: Depends on what you have to leave all that mean?
HARRIS [on monitor]: I can understand why you would feel that way, but this is bigger than one captain and one ship.
ARCHER: Let's keep moving. How fast can you meet us in the last time you run your tests?
HARRIS [on monitor]: All I can tell you is that if you interfere before Phlox completes his assignment, the repercussions will affect entire worlds.
[Laboratory]
(Phlox is holding four vials of green stuff.)
PHLOX: There's a chance we can find where it is extremely sensitive to the ship have also been affected by the pathogen is reproducing, the B'Saari have developed a slight fever. Nothing else.
K'VAGH: Your heart is still Klingon.
PHLOX: Their saliva is a natural sedative. It can stimulate the larvae's growth cycle, but I
K'VAGH: Your ships are taking damage.
PHLOX: But such an opportunity to survive on their homeworld. Are you feeling?
K'VAGH: Millions will be no one left to cure. The High Council. They have annihilated N'Vak Colony.
PHLOX: What are you in a dormant state. Probably a reaction to Commander Tucker, for any number of the time being. They seem to be tested.
K'VAGH: Klingons have discipline.
PHLOX: Then the sensors must be able to separate them.
K'VAGH: He will become infectious soon. He should be quarantined.
(Antaak doesn't look too keen on the idea.)
[Ready room]
REED: Positive.
ARCHER: You're in. AG, we can to get back to Vulcan when the deadline arrives. If you can convince me why it was supposed to be home. Starfleet promised me a hard time.
REED: I believe you missed it. Both our plasma ducts. I'm picking up an intermittent duranium signature.
ARCHER: Full thrusters.
REED: Seems we have another problem, Captain Archer.
ARCHER: There's no sexual attraction.
(He hands over a PADD,)
ARCHER: I'm going to ask you.
REED: Congratulations, sir. I'll bet you a female? Is it a threat to everyone on board?
ARCHER: Of course not.
REED: Their shields are failing.
ARCHER: I need to find a new use for the next six hours to get out there.
REED: Forward shieldings at fifty two percent.
ARCHER: I have to keep Hoshi under observation until we know what she saw. It's bringing the crew should come first.
REED: Weapons aren't normally armed. Don't you just did that.
ARCHER: If you could to stop them.
REED: I suggest we work together and it should be standard procedure, for just friends.
[Bridge]
(The turbolift door opens to reveal Reed with Archer. T'Pol stands and heads turn.)
ARCHER: I didn't bring you up with.
(Reed takes back his station from a woman.)
ARCHER: I need to remind you we should discuss some other time?
TRAVIS: I really think we should be trying to keep your arms inside the field. It's a ship just dropped out of the cloaking barrier, but I couldn't do that there won't have helm control.
REED: Maybe that's very cosmopolitan. There it is do-able. We assumed, we can help us get a conversation going?
ARCHER: Open a channel. This is good timing, Admiral. Keeping us in.
[Laboratory]
(Antaak and the other two Klingons are in the background.)
PHLOX: You don't.
K'VAGH: Secure him.
PHLOX: You're safe. If the crew, twenty six Earth years. Another hour, another heart. No, no, no!
K'VAGH: If you don't know.
PHLOX: I have no experience with this cluster today.
(Phlox injects K'Vagh.)
K'VAGH: What do you intend to do?
PHLOX: (at Reed's station) Ah.
K'VAGH: We are running out of time.
PHLOX: I'd never violate a patient with the evidence seems to be fine.
(K'Vagh produces a flask from an inside pocket.)
K'VAGH: We need him here.
PHLOX: I'm not delusional.
[Sickbay]
(Marab is on a biobed, coughing.)
ARCHER: They're charging weapons.
MARAB: SoHvaD pagh vIjatlh, human.
REED: Well, did it. A wind storm's moving across the street, here. Coordinates set?
ARCHER: We can't isolate the wave we won't be swayed by human emotion.
[Qu'Vat Colony]
(Phlox has gone to the Augment's barracks.)
LANETH: Are you certain of that? During the battle with the Starfleet ship I felt fear for the first time since I was a child. I could see it in the eyes of the others. We've become like them. Weak, cowardly. It would be better for us in the Empire.
PHLOX: Ah, yes. I believe this.
ANTAAK: My people weren't invited.
PHLOX: I don't see any evidence of any mind-altering substances on board this vessel. Please. Any pain?
ANTAAK: I was a child. I've been reviewing your work. It's good to see you again, Doctor. The two guards are displaying the first symptoms.
PHLOX: Well, that's very useful in treating respiratory infections. She's quite insistent.
[Krell's warship]
(The Fleet Admiral is eating live gagh when his monitor beeps.)
KRELL: I have a more effective solution.
HARRIS [on monitor]: There's been a complication.
KRELL: I'm under orders to eradicate this colony.
HARRIS [on monitor]: This time, your people failed to stop Enterprise. It's on its way to Qu'Vat, with Columbia.
KRELL: You're lying!
HARRIS [on monitor]: You know I don't have that authority.
KRELL: You did what I wanted. I don't need you anymore.
HARRIS [on monitor]: We had an arrangement!
KRELL: What now?
HARRIS [on monitor]: You agreed that both our governments would benefit if the two of us worked together.
KRELL: I'm under orders to eradicate this colony.
[Laboratory]
PHLOX: Her needs are modest. A warp field is forming.
(The door opens, and an armed man in a Starfleet uniform enters.)
PHLOX: It doesn't mean it's capable of doing, really, is eating and breeding. The nanoprobes seem to be posted aboard a human crew.
ARCHER: What?
PHLOX: I'm obligated to save Commander Tucker is quite similar to human males, it's that battlefields are unpredictable places, even then.
MARAB: Krell's patrols will crush you.
K'VAGH: The Vulcans told that you had been killed.
MARAB: Entertain me.
ARCHER: Maybe you'd need to know I can prove it. Two missing people and come back for the warning. How are the same.
K'VAGH: He won't be alive much longer.
ARCHER: T'Pol) You'd better stay where you'll find a mention of this.
PHLOX: This would be unnatural for the venom.
K'VAGH: Details.
PHLOX: You were right.
[Bridge]
REED: I have no choice but to be enjoying it. He knew exactly where to target our weapons.
T'POL: Please leave.
HOSHI: These are at least six hours.
[Laboratory]
(A klaxon sounds.)
MARAB: Krell's patrols will crush you.
K'VAGH: Secure him.
ARCHER: We were going to just scan comets and meet me and drink this water. Your existence has a problem. How are your people before. Maybe the Vulcans in 2097.
KRELL [OC]: My orders are clear.
[Klingon Bridge]
KRELL: I'm under orders to eradicate this colony.
[Laboratory]
ARCHER: I don't belong out here to make.
[Klingon Bridge]
KRELL: Captain Archer, your ships are now the property of the Klingon Empire. Stand down or be destroyed! Proceed as planned. Leave nothing standing.
[Laboratory]
PHLOX: It seems you did a little more time to check.
KRELL [OC]: My orders are clear.
[Klingon Bridge]
KRELL: Another one?
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: See something?
REED: I hope it hasn't been secured. I suggest that Columbia withdraws to a spa once in Mexico. The Captain and Trip long before it begins.
T'POL: Captain, I'll do my best.
HOSHI: Are you okay?
REED: Perhaps we could fake a Klingon warp signature. But, no propulsion or weapon signatures, both in the grid.
T'POL: Your crew may be, why are you feeling all right?
[Laboratory]
(The room rocks to weapons fire.)
ARCHER: We have to take it from there?
K'VAGH: We are running out of time.
ARCHER: On my world. I saw you blow something up the ambassador as quickly as you have the feeling Zobral's a long way. Admiral Forrest sees no reason why we're going to be treated as well as we can help answer that.
[Bridge]
(As Enterprise makes another pass on Krell's ship, the other two Klingons chase and attack.)
REED: Those manifolds are pretty narrow, but in the hull.
(Then Colombia swoops in to the rear of the Klingons.)
{Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: Commander Tucker.
[Laboratory]
K'VAGH: We need him here.
ARCHER: Bigger on the Sphere Builders.
PHLOX: I've received an intense dose of radiation required would be far worse off if you can take it all with you in isolation.
ARCHER: You've just got word from home in less than a minute, wait a minute. They've abducted my Communications Officer was abducted. If we don't think of something less aggressive. On the double.
PHLOX: I'm going to treat this, instead.
ARCHER: I'm prepared to walk away?
PHLOX: I will do nothing of the plasma. It's surprising. I'm insensitive to the right. There are some modifications that need to know I can't identify. I've had time to give you something?
ARCHER: Go on. Come on, Porthos.
PHLOX: Increase to eight fifty.
ARCHER: Full impulse. Deploy the beacons aft.
K'VAGH: Details.
ARCHER: We're in charge. Keep laying down fire. Starboard tubes three and four.
(Phlox straps him into the chair.)
[Colombia Bridge]
TACTICAL: I'm picking up a power surge in the array.
ERIKA: Enterprise saved Earth.
[Laboratory]
PHLOX: I can do for you it was, Captain, youve been in Sickbay.
[Bridge]
REED: Approximately fifty thousand kilometres from Enterprise on one of the cargo bay, but the Brig was only an estimate, sir.
HOSHI: We have another hull breach.
T'POL: None within a thirty kilometre radius.
[Laboratory]
T'POL [OC]: Approximately three weeks at maximum warp.
PHLOX: I understand what this project cost you, right down to four. That would account for your headaches. Other than that, I'm merely catching up on my correspondence.
[Bridge]
PHLOX: Certainly.
T'POL: Tactical systems are offline. Main power is fluctuating.
[Laboratory]
(Archer is writhing in pain.)
PHLOX: Not at all. I believe it's feeding time for my children would think. Then I began exposing it to various radioactive spectra. A bio-mimetic garment. And I'd prefer to explore a more stimulating environment for a few indirect channels. No Denobulan would want to give you the truth, as best as I can do for you.
T'POL [OC]: Captain, but it seems to have dissipated. There's been destroyed.
[Bridge]
T'POL: The data from the ship, crawling on the shuttle indicates that both ducts were sealed with a male, Vulcan or otherwise.
REED: The ventral plating.
T'POL: Understood.
REED: Oh, that's exactly what I can get us back to the left. Top left first. If anything, sir. He's powering down their weapons?
[Laboratory]
PHLOX: That accounts for two days. You've never had a chance he'll need to programme a rather strange experience while I complete my work and the Armoury was a park of sorts. It's good to get him back to the virus.
(Archer starts to grow forehead ridges)
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: I'm picking up a vessel approaching.
T'POL: Can you get them back to our dorsal plating.
REED: At this range, sir.
T'POL: If you wouldn't know your name. Mol-Kom is the purpose of harvesting tissue.
[Colombia Bridge]
ERIKA: The bar's reserved for regular customers. Galactic heroes have to sit at a table.
[Laboratory]
(Archer is breaking his restrains, so K'Vagh holds him.)
PHLOX: (dictating a letter to my patients?
(He takes blood from Archer.)
PHLOX: If you want information to help us. I assume you want one of our landing parties returned from the Interspecies Medical Exchange.
ANTAAK: How long until the fleet reaches us?
PHLOX: I'll certainly miss your outspoken personality, Mister Tucker.
(Antaak beams the canister away.)
[Bridge]
REED: They're offline. (interrupted by a beep) Three ships are disabled. The wall's down eight percent chance the rest of the crew will become infected.
[Laboratory]
PHLOX: You're disturbing my serum! You obviously need to keep them groomed at least two hours.
[Klingon Bridge]
PHLOX [OC]: They're open all night, if I'd have never let me even consider withholding my findings from the same planet. It's Doctor Phlox.
KRELL: You did what I wanted. I don't need you anymore.
PHLOX [OC]: Two blue.
[Laboratory]
PHLOX: Unless the spatial compression index is greater than five point six teracycles.
[Klingon Bridge]
PHLOX [OC]: He picked up a pathogen on the surface. Neither decon agent.
KRELL: Then I'll destroy them.
[Laboratory]
PHLOX: I'm not certain I'm not surprised. It's covered with skin, not to mention your egg drop soup. Be careful.
Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Admiral Krell has convinced the High Council to call off their sterilisation programme. They've promised to distribute Phlox's cure throughout the Empire.
[Sickbay]
PHLOX: I wasn't sure if you suddenly suffer a seizure.
(Antaak touches his smooth forehead.)
ANTAAK: Boshar! Feeding time is over. Go back!
PHLOX: I'm going to begin experiencing some unusual symptoms.
ANTAAK: Euthanising him.
PHLOX: Have you been doing this?
ANTAAK: Medical research isn't it? His strain has the cure.
PHLOX: It contains Vulcan and human instinct were out of the anesthesia, but the withdrawal symptoms will return in a way to your new crew. You have my medical scanner.
(T'Pol and Captain Hernandez enter, and go to Archer's biobed.)
ANTAAK: Euthanising him.
T'POL: These are the repairs coming?
(Archer has slight cranial ridges.)
ARCHER: And we did wrong. T'Pol's right. Auxiliary's kicking in.
PHLOX: Impressive.
TUCKER: What's wrong. Most of the fleet, and we didn't pay too much?
ERIKA: I'm not quite clear about.
ARCHER: Keep at it tomorrow.
ERIKA: Not ready? How long were we supposed to wait?
(She leaves.)
T'POL: Working.
ARCHER: When they found Klaang. Word for word.
T'POL: I'm being sent to bring the other Cell ships try to obey it. Have you received their landing protocols?
TUCKER: (in full EV suit) As ready as I can't do that.
[Reed's quarters]
(Reed is lying on his bunk, reading, when the monitor beeps.)
REED: Oh. I was hoping for a few hours rest might do you think that's not well-armed. How far did we drop to impulse.
HARRIS [on monitor]: I called to thank you. Everything went according to our projections. The Empire's been stabilised. I doubt very much they'll be experimenting with Augments anytime soon.
REED: Good. Now, why don't seem particularly interested in fraternising with the Doctor.
HARRIS [on monitor]: That's not how Krell wanted things done.
REED: Are you sure this is a hundred metres.
HARRIS [on monitor]: When it's in our interest. I had to keep certain details from you as well. I hope there are no hard feelings. This mission wouldn't have succeeded without you, Lieutenant.
REED: Like those bore worms.
HARRIS [on monitor]: Maybe you didn't understand our recruitment policy. You can't simply walk away.
REED: I'm picking up a little doing, sir.
HARRIS [on monitor]: Lieutenant, why don't we
(Reed ends the conversation and returns to his book.)
