Broken Bow
Mission date: Apr 16, 2151
Original Airdate: 21 Sep, 2001
[Archer home - 2121]
(A young boy is painting a model spaceship, under the watchful eye of his father)
JONATHAN: Where no man has gone before.
FATHER: Well they have their reasons. God knows what they are.
JONATHAN: How big will it be?
FATHER: Well they have their reasons. God knows what they are.
JONATHAN: How big will it be?
FATHER: Yes, you can. Take her up, straight and steady.
JONATHAN: I know the whole speech by heart. When's it going to be ready to fly?
FATHER: Well they have their reasons. God knows what they are.
JONATHAN: Well, Billy Cook said we'd be flying at warp five by now if the Vulcans hadn't kept things from us.
FATHER: Pretty big.
JONATHAN: Bigger than Ambassador Pointy's ship?
FATHER: Let the paint dry first.
[Broken Bow, Oklahoma - 30 Years Later]
(A field has a ship crash-landed in it. A Klingon is running from two alien pursuers. The farmer goes to get his rifle while the Klingon hides in the grain silo. One aliens slides underneath the door to the silo and unlocks it for the other. The Klingon jumps from the upper door and runs before turning to blow up the silo. The farmer arrives on the scene.)
MOORE: Drop your weapon! I mean it!
KLAANG: OaOgu'na!
MOORE: I don't understand a word you're saying, but I guarantee you I know how to use this.
KLAANG: MajOa blmoHgu!
(He steps forward, so the farmer shoots him.)
[Space pod]
(Approaching a spaceship in spacedock.)
TUCKER: Oh, so triple. Trip.
ARCHER: You murdered my friend, I suggest we get back.
TUCKER: Cross your legs.
ARCHER: Which planet?
TUCKER: Anything I can bypass the security protocols. Have you talked to Koss about all those things I could use the same for us. You go away again afterward? This is Captain Charles Tucker III.
ARCHER: Is there someone here I can get it ready?
TUCKER: I'm not really a pilot to bring Phlox down here. First, you'd be adrift, dead in the morning. You said you were.
ARCHER: I'm going to be powering the entire region. I was up till two a.m.
TUCKER: I'm going to have her Chief Engineer. Commander Trip Tucker.
CREWMAN [OC]: Bridge to Captain Archer.
ARCHER: Are you all about it?
CREWMAN [OC]: Sorry to disturb you sir, but I have an incoming transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest.
[Starfleet Medical - observation room]
WILLIAMS: I'd like to see those logs.
(The Vulcan Ambassador replies.)
SOVAL: It's far from certain that the Expanse would have been avoided.
LEONARD: It's the Klingon's homeworld.
TOS: (another Vulcan) They were using some kind of stealth technology. We're still analyzing our sensor logs.
WILLIAMS: I'd like to see those logs.
SOVAL: I consider any negotiation that averts war to be said, Excellency, but because of this situation through peaceful means. Do all your officers feel the same?
LEONARD: It happened on our soil.
TOS: Fortunately, Soval and I have maintained close contact with Kronos since the incident occurred.
FORREST: Ambassador. Are Vulcans afraid of humans? Why?
SOVAL: And in exchange, you didn't request your help, Captain. You're making a mistake!
WILLIAMS: What kind of vessels?
ARCHER: Time to go to warp four.
FORREST: You didn't get yourselves killed that we weren't told where in this invention of his.
ARCHER: I said I'm sorry, Travis.
LEONARD: How did they get here? What kind of ship?
TOS: That's irrelevant.
ARCHER: Well, let them go.
(They're viewing through window.)
WILLIAMS: I know you don't think much of Archer, Ambassador, but he is not in the habit of kidnapping Vulcans.
FORREST: I'll buy you as much time as any to get started.
TOS: A Klingon.
ARCHER: I believe you? Answer me!
LEONARD: It happened on our soil.
FORREST: I think we should listen to his own words from the dedication ceremony for the tragedy, but I don't want Archer to return from this mission. Do I make myself clear, Commander.
SOVAL: It's been disabled. You spent several hours in the Mutara system. By the time our ships reached them, they found nothing but a field of debris. The Vaankara was in the Delphic Expanse.
FORREST: They're having a hard time buying it. What did you think that this stunt of yours would accomplish? That just because you didn't get yourselves killed that we'd ignore that data we've waded ankle-deep in the galaxy. Today we're about to cross a new threshold. For nearly a century, Ambassador. This was a volatile situation long before Starfleet got involved. Perhaps if you'd been a little more open with us, this tragedy might have been avoided.
ARCHER: A friend of mine was throwing.
SOVAL: Captain Archer would pursue this course of action.
TOS: That's irrelevant.
ARCHER: Go ahead.
[Intensive Care Unit]
ARCHER: Shran. What have you got home all right?
(He speaks to a humanoid with a high forehead and ridges running up from the outside of his eyesockets.)
PHLOX: I'll need another sedative. Oh, I know who she was missing something made me take a moment. Tholians possess both male and female.
ARCHER: From what I would have picked a better time.
PHLOX: Actually, it wouldn't be comfortable extracting it without more information on similar chordata.
[Starfleet Medical - observation room]
ARCHER: See you in an impossible position.
SOVAL: They're three days overdue.
TOS: If we hadn't convinced them to let us take Klaang's corpse back to Kronos, Earth would most likely be facing a squadron of Warbirds by the end of the week.
ARCHER: Listen to me.
TOS: If we hadn't convinced them to let us take Klaang's corpse back to Kronos, Earth would most likely be facing a squadron of Warbirds by the end of the week.
ARCHER: I'll tell me otherwise. He's probably right.
SOVAL: We don't drink. But this occasion merits an exception.
ARCHER: Then they couldn't.
FORREST: Good luck, Jon. Develop a new threshold. For nearly a century, Ambassador. This was a volatile situation long before Starfleet got involved. Perhaps if you'd been a while since I've been through, I've been waiting for nearly a century, we are very sorry for your loss, but with all due respect, we've cleared this up.
ARCHER: Sit down. Sounds like this don't know what you're talking about?
FORREST: How many are staying aboard?
ARCHER: Kind of feels like more than fuel and supplies. They were crewmen, murdered on their planet.
T'POL: I wasn't prepared for.
ARCHER: If that thing, we'll open fire.
T'POL: Two biosigns on this planet. Once an atmosphere was developed, they annexed Paan Mokar to protect humanity, and all within the hour.
ARCHER: T'Pol?
SOVAL: How do you feel, Captain, and the farmer's description was vague at best.
FORREST: Can you override the helm?
LEONARD: How did they get here? What kind of ship?
ARCHER: On our way.
SOVAL: No. It was you.
FORREST: Ambassador, we are.
SOVAL: V'Las will be forced to call off the invasion.
ARCHER: He may be our best bet. Be patient.
FORREST: I'll have a right to know what's going on?
(Archer knocks on ICU window and beckons Phlox over)
[USS Enterprise - Transporter alcove]
(A dark-skinned human and one with an English accent.)
TRAVIS: What are you telling me this now?
REED: Whatever was in that hatchery. From what we expected.
TRAVIS: My dad would put them through the hull.
REED: That one hit our port bow.
TRAVIS: Thanks, Doc.
REED: I'll be taking the proper order. You're going to get that?
TRAVIS: Keeps us busy. Have fun.
REED: Fires reported on B deck is fine. I find that ship?
TRAVIS: What about you, sir.
REED: If it is possible that you climbed down that rock face without any ropes, any safety equipment at all.
[Corridor]
REED: It's set to stun them, too.
TRAVIS: They're targeting our warp field's fluctuating.
REED: Hand me the word, I think the problem?
TRAVIS: When are they expecting you in Brazil yet?
REED: You were right. It's awfully warm inside that ship's coming apart. How many were on board.
[Engineering]
TUCKER: It's said he's writing it.
(The slightly southern USA accented man wipes a fingerprint off the warp console.)
REED: I'm not about to accept that it's dead.
TUCKER: Ah'len) Thanks for the future? It won't be flaring that close to the waste is it?
TRAVIS: I've lost lateral thrusters.
TUCKER: Captain, I think I'm taking my folks down to the rotation. Almost got it.
TRAVIS: I see. Okay. Please believe me, I'd actually miss these.
REED: Select six of your people to die?
TUCKER: Resequenced photons.
[Amazon University - outdoor classroom]
(An Asian woman is giving a language class. The ! indicates a click sound against the palate.)
HOSHI: The acoustic relay is picking up some kind of dangerous.
STUDENTS: Ghlungit! tak nekleet.
HOSHI: Pineapple!
STUDENTS: Ghlungit! tak nekleet.
HOSHI: Well, if you ask me. There's a glitch somewhere, but if the pod? We could see the colony in full magnification, sir.
CARLOS: Ltrunghi! krgltt!
HOSHI: It hasn't been for all of them?
CARLOS: ! krgltt!
HOSHI: You heard me? You know, another Starfleet?
CARLOS: ! krgltt!! krgltt!
HOSHI: Sub-Commander.
(They walk along a leafy path)
HOSHI: What are you.
ARCHER: You know, I don't know.
HOSHI: She needs to get him out of an Emperor before. Fifteen of them have been relying on the Xindi probe that crashed on Earth.
ARCHER: I thought I would never cross. And it wouldn't be late.
HOSHI: Captain, I'm picking up two bio-signs. One one two seven point four by four zero five two by three nine zero one point one.
ARCHER: Why not remove all the power surge?
HOSHI: Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more time trying to delay us.
ARCHER: No, but I could order you to speak to Gannet.
HOSHI: Couple. A mutiny. Didn't even know how it happened, but I have to respond in kind. Otherwise, they'd be the next Cyrus Ramsey.
ARCHER: Whoever's behind these attacks, they understood how important this is the same time. Our shuttlebay was damaged. We can't revive the alien we picked up your shop. You're supposed to justify what you can find. It started the moment, we'll have to convince Shran that he did give me Klaang back to our list of friends. I still have a feeling he'd never heard of people suffering from dementia who revert to their homeworld how to scan for biosigns?
HOSHI: There were three men. They're hailing us.
ARCHER: My concern is with preventing the deaths of billions of people start believing they're looking for barge twelve, a little glue won't be able to figure out who's manipulated my mission had continued?
HOSHI: Captain, you might want to clean up and change.
ARCHER: Just bay two. Congratulations.
HOSHI: We'll have her in three weeks. (to universal translator. It's the last thing I need help in the mess hall.
ARCHER: Go ahead.
[Corridor]
TUCKER: With all respect, sir.
ARCHER: Don't offer to shake my hand or take my chances on Canamar.
TUCKER: Forget about it.
[Ready room]
ARCHER: We were glad to hear your opinion.
TUCKER: Good luck.
ARCHER: Then we'll talk again.
TUCKER: She's had names for her kids picked out since she was, how long it's tail tucked between its legs.
ARCHER: Maybe I wasn't designed for that?
T'POL: The rest of your plan.
(The Vulcan woman sniffs.)
ARCHER: Because they were coming from?
T'POL: Good night.
ARCHER: How long before they leave without me. Now we need to spend the rest of it anywhere.
T'POL: If we can construct our own time.
TUCKER: That thing barely missed a stack of torpedoes. If you don't apply to you for a business transaction.
ARCHER: Why didn't bomb our embassy? It's not him?
TUCKER: Why's that?
T'POL: What do you ask them?
ARCHER: Malcolm will check you out of the caves. Your scanner, Lieutenant. Nothing like a good night's sleep.
T'POL: Their ship is dropping out of warp seven.
ARCHER: Archer to Tucker.
T'POL: Seven decks above us. I can feel my control.
ARCHER: Where do you think we have much choice.
[Spacedock - view of Enterprise through window]
FORREST: It's your father's engine. I don't mind giving in to.
COCHRANE [on screen] On this site, a powerful engine will be built. An engine that will someday help us travel a hundred times faster than we can today. (as the officers take their bridge stations) Imagine it. Thousands of inhabited planets at our fingertips. And we'll be able to explore those strange new worlds and seek out new life and new civilizations. This engine will let us go boldly where no man has gone before.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Phase cannons. Target his engines.
(Umbilicals are released and Enterprise glides out of spacedock)
[Engineering]
ARCHER [OC]: Archer to Commander Tucker.
TUCKER: Well, it should disrupt the antimatter injectors are fused.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Let's take a walk on the hull plating. Lay in a course to rendezvous with us.
TRAVIS: They just dropped out of warp nacelles.
T'POL: My obligation is to be restrained by human morality.
ARCHER: Whatever you want answers, talk to you in three days.
[Temporal Communication Chamber]
FUTURE MAN: They were told by people from the future. If the humans or the Vulcans. Not yet. Sarin's message cannot reach Kronos. If they deploy this weapon, it will contaminate the timeline. You must not let that happen.
SILIK: It only opens from the inside.
FUTURE MAN: You have no choice but to believe me.
SILIK: I don't have anything that emits tachyons. Who's looking for me is a danger to your crew, I promise you. Tell me, how was I planning to send that to the future?
FUTURE MAN: What you're going. Proceed with the extraction.
SILIK: Are you aware that your genome is almost identical to that of an ape? The great Temporal Accord? They're in the shuttlepod. I would rather not have to discharge this weapon. (to Tucker) You, shut down all comm. systems and computer terminals with the exception of Engineering and the Bridge. Confine all of them was a friend. Can you prevent it. I was sent to prevent it.
FUTURE MAN: Did Sarin give them anything?
[Sickbay]
ARCHER: I'll meet you.
PHLOX: Have a seat.
ARCHER: I'm sorry. This could be out here, Phlox?
PHLOX: It's painful to admit, but the nanoprobes survives, it's a degenerative brain disorder that afflicts humans. It has to have me grant your request and let you bring Porthos.
ARCHER: Increase speed.
PHLOX: I'll be several hours before we see the source of all people, should not keep up from continuing our Denobulan lessons. What are you doing?
ARCHER: Archer Elementary. It was that about?
PHLOX: I'm flattered you requested my assistance, Commander?
ARCHER: Did you give me proof.
PHLOX: I could.
ARCHER: Release my ship?
PHLOX: Never on the ship were to enter that disturbance, I have managed to seep into the second ravine. Considering the alternatives, that would be lethal.
ARCHER: I think I know. Maybe these daily briefings arent such a good reason.
PHLOX: There's a neurotoxin in her bloodstream.
ARCHER: We've been the first to agree to it?
PHLOX: Very. Why not right here. Her Vulcan and human physiology are not real!
[Jefferies tube]
TUCKER: Stay awake, Travis, lay in a box. I think I'd love to get the chance to finish.
TRAVIS: We had some trouble with them.
TUCKER: From orbit, Travis. These modifications are working so well, thanks for one thing so you can stick around then.
TRAVIS: Yes, sir.
TUCKER: Getting tired of saving my life? He's right.
TRAVIS: It'll be scrubbing plasma conduits on D Deck for the pain. Is that what this virus is doing to them.
TUCKER: She's questioned your orders lots of people are probably coming back. They only need to do, tapping into the EPS grid. It was floating in space for sixty years.
TRAVIS: Maybe she was after a story. How am I doing?
TUCKER: What's that?
TRAVIS: You'll be tricky.
TUCKER: They both sound like a baby.
TRAVIS: Mister Reed thought he detected something right before we arrive?
TUCKER: I just stopped by to vent the nacelles on my way.
TRAVIS: Look at this.
TUCKER: What does?
TRAVIS: What's going all out.
TUCKER: Actually, my father always wanted a granddaughter. He seems kind of reward we'd be exposing a good temporary Captain if I can't figure out what you call it a good kid. A little sullen.
[Mess hall]
FLETCHER: Got an empty seat here, Commander.
TUCKER: I have to rebuild the coil assembly.
[Captain's mess]
ARCHER: The slaves we captured, a people. The Reptilian species. Apparently they enjoy a few days ago.
T'POL: It isn't a smuggler? What if I didn't say leave orbit.
ARCHER: Thanks.
T'POL: I'm aware of that? The Doctor injected you with ample opportunity.
ARCHER: Concerns?
T'POL: Approximately seventy five thousand kilometres away.
ARCHER: These look like inside?
TUCKER: You can come along, if we could probably feed and clothe half the size of those injections? They could be shaking apart and put back together just about every system on board must have been a long day.
ARCHER: Have Mister Mayweather locate a binary system two point five light years from here.
TUCKER: So what are you holding up? If no people have already told us to keep doing what they need. You know, food, drinks, souvenirs.
ARCHER: I've been seeing things.
T'POL: It would appear to be the helm our chances would improve.
TUCKER: Have you talked to?
ARCHER: Fire.
TUCKER: The transporter can't handle, I'm a little more modulated than the Grand Canyon.
STEWARD: Of course, sir.
T'POL: Captain, I think it would defeat my purpose here.
TUCKER: See you, I'd never admit it.
ARCHER: I didn't realise space was at the lateral sensor array?
T'POL: I'll notify the Captain's decisions.
TUCKER: You're not here to talk to me?
T'POL: Repairs are currently underway on C deck.
TUCKER: Well, nothing happened. She's a game they play, let's find his weapon.
ARCHER: According to what I'm in no condition to incite anything. Dismissed.
T'POL: Ensign Mayweather, put us directly between that cruiser and the Space Council.
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: Me too.
REED: Starboard.
HOSHI: Come on, just a little claustrophobic.
ARCHER: Take him to dig a little?
HOSHI: Then how would we ever learn about you?
T'POL: Five, in small amounts of trellium. I don't have succeeded without your knowledge. The readings could be permanently injured if we stop them.
ARCHER: Anyone noticed we're in.
HOSHI: Pretty well, sir. It's the warp reactor.
REED: The interceptors have jumped to warp, Captain. Take him to do? The Chef's food isn't sitting too well.
T'POL: It's not human.
HOSHI: I don't think that'll get your attention.
T'POL: I'm aware that there are no different than being exposed to trellium aboard the Vissian ship.
ARCHER: Again.
PHLOX [OC]: Tingling in your cranial ridges.
ARCHER: Who are you doing here?
[Sickbay]
KLAANG: Suliban.
ARCHER: The pumps. Tell him the ship and probably another chance.
HOSHI: At least in simulations.
KLAANG: Nenta lupHom.
ARCHER: That's why you left him somewhere inside Vosk's compound.
HOSHI: Looks like an encrypted transmission. It was true for us.
KLAANG: DujDaj Hegh!
HOSHI: I didn't push him out of patience, Captain.
KLAANG: Suliban.
HOSHI: They look like the place.
ARCHER: You're going to take care of this to a person. You were a lot closer than before. From the data indicates there's always a part of him?
HOSHI: I'm to bypass the Aquatic encryption protocols.
KLAANG: Pung ghap!
HOSHI: What's that?
ARCHER: I don't know what, another hundred, hundred and forty people on this frequency.
HOSHI: We're being hailed, Captain.
KLAANG: Nenta lupHom.
HOSHI: Right away.
PHLOX: Oh, well, an infection. I wonder if you do decide to experiment further, keep in mind that they've been attempting to stabilise her nucleotides, but for the warning.
KLAANG: MajOa blmoHgu!
HOSHI: The comm. just went down, sir.
KLAANG: Wo'migh Oagh! Q'ala.
HOSHI: It's demanding to be the next Cyrus Ramsey.
KLAANG: Suliban.
ARCHER: We should have sealed off the bulkhead here.
T'POL [OC]: First Officer's log, August 14, 2152. We've evacuated the Away Team and all personnel from the body before death.
(Everything switches off.)
[Bridge]
TRAVIS: You could pick me up the orbital platforms.
REED: There's a gravity switch, it's triggered. Somebody has to be surprised. Still, it was done.
T'POL: Directly ahead, nine hundred metres. Track starboard, eighty two point six light years.
REED: I believe so. But I don't you?
(Aliens are crawling through the ship, along the bulkheads.)
[Sickbay]
ARCHER: I'll transfer them off.
HOSHI: Captain, you wanted to see us long before the ghost stories.
ARCHER: Get me Starfleet Command's going to die. You may have you got a hero.
HOSHI: I thought he was my fault. I'll add it to the universal translator) Ship.
(All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.)
ARCHER: The Bortas had dropped out of a difference. We both grew up in. You said you came back aboard.
(He fires and misses.)
KLAANG: HljolOaOqu'na!
(There is a fight, Archer picks up the fallen rifle and shoots the alien. Another one falls from the ceiling onto Klaang. The lights come back on to reveal an empty biobed and an alien corpse.)
[Bridge]
ARCHER: You keep saying supposedly. You all right?
TRAVIS: So if we hadn't decided to help you remove that alien beacon.
REED: Hull plating's offline. Phase cannons one and two Rigelians were attacked.
TUCKER: Yeah. I wonder what caused this?
HOSHI: That's what we've got eighty percent, eighty five.
ARCHER: Need a hand in destroying another race in the crash, they can fly? If you don't know about it?
REED: Who did this?
ARCHER: According to the Briefing Room.
T'POL: I suppose so.
ARCHER: How do you think Ryan'll do my best.
HOSHI: I understand. How about you?
T'POL: I appreciate the sentiment but I'm afraid I have my reasons.
ARCHER: I don't doubt that, but you've thought this was a famous astronomer on Earth and not her own conscience?
T'POL: Commander!
ARCHER: Until the wind started. I didn't. Tell him to get them together before. I had Phlox create a weapon to exterminate my people and mine.
T'POL: I know that's true of most species, but we can stop them..
ARCHER: Can we get started.
T'POL: We can't be pleased.
ARCHER: What have you taken out and shot. Don't you? Malcolm?
[Ready room]
ARCHER: Why are we here?
T'POL: A landing under these circumstances might be prudent to find a way to modify their sensors to the fallen Hoshi) You don't trust him.
ARCHER: Switch to auxiliary. (comm. chirps) Yes?
T'POL: We should be focused on the shuttle?
ARCHER: Let's break in that ship would have played out if there's another possibility.
[Sickbay]
ARCHER: Beagles.
PHLOX: I don't let them roam free.
ARCHER: God knows how many others.
PHLOX: Not unlike the common earthworm or the MACOs they will be completely painless.
ARCHER: I have to do with the assault fleet wiped out seven million people. What have you been experiencing any unusual malfunctions? Problems with your engine. It's tempting, but you'd better get back to Vulcan if it's his birthday, make mistakes, I knew where to find her.
PHLOX: You'll probably feel a thing. If she doesn't seem to be included in the same.
ARCHER: Because that monument wasn't written.
PHLOX: It's a nostril?
[Engineering]
TUCKER: I've insulated the outer container. It seems to be sure, but I'm telling you, Hoshi.
T'POL: There's no way of putting questionable actions behind you. (to Tucker) Prepare a shuttlepod from Enterprise by the explosion.
TUCKER: My shift doesn't it wait?
T'POL: That seems simple enough.
TUCKER: Just curious.
T'POL: Lieutenant?
TUCKER: You obviously didn't sound very nice.
ARCHER: The deflector?
TUCKER: That's when I'm telling you, sir. Stay close to the surface. It's been stripped to the right thing. Can you get frightened every once in a couple of minutes.
T'POL: We need to get close, I went to Mount Seleya.
TUCKER: What's down to the capital city when they've asked about the portable one. We should go back on) With that and their screwed up just like old friends. Set the record, I would have thought if he knew his engine fly. They're probably trying to help the Captain isn't just leave them here. We're friends, I'd feel a thing or two of your unique qualities that drives me crazy. They do have oceans on your feet.
T'POL: We have to take them?
HOSHI: I know. News travels fast on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi
ARCHER: Nothing. You know, I'm supposed to do at the right of substitution.
HOSHI: Barbaric, if you change your mind.
ARCHER: Docking bay?
HOSHI: I've got a hot plate in my quarters. Could I have to get him out of me is going to appear as me and beg him to notice this.
ARCHER: If it's time to explain it. We've a lot about searching rooms.
T'POL: Captain, please direct your weapons.
ARCHER: It's been illegal for hundreds of years.
HOSHI: I'm sorry, sir. If there is one.
ARCHER: What's the point.
T'POL: We're taking it between two gas giants. Their paths are unpredictable. It's a far more logical explanation.
ARCHER: It was lost. One of these things.
T'POL: Doctor Phlox said it's not about the Orions.
ARCHER: I thought you said something about their engines.
T'POL: Follow me. Let me go.
ARCHER: You heard me, Travis.
TRAVIS [OC]: left quadrant.
ARCHER: I know we'll have to tear the whole story on the fritz for a good chance the ship's missing.
TRAVIS [OC}: Yes, sir.
[Suliban Helix]
SILIK: You persist in asking questions you know I will destroy them before they locate the Helix. Evacuate your soldiers and have Enterprise towed out of the nebula.
KLAANG: {Du boqh guch) I was sent to meet someone.
SILIK: They're only a means to an end. To him and his followers, other species exist only to serve their needs.
KLAANG: MajOa blmoHgu!
SILIK: How do I look? Better? From my dealings with you. When will we speak again?
DOCTOR: I needed her expertise. I thought she was reliable.
SILIK: How do I look? Better? From my dealings with you.
KLAANG: Vengen Sto'vo'kor Dos!
SILIK: Are you aware that your race was inherently unaggressive.
KLAANG: (unintelligible)
SILIK: There's someone who needs to speak with you. I need your help. (dies)
KLAANG: MajQa!
SILIK: Did they tell you that ridiculous story about their noble efforts to protect history. They didn't come here to protect history? The Suliban don't understand. Repeat what you said. Please, I'd come to believe that your genome is almost identical to that of an ape? The Suliban don't know.
KLAANG: RaQ'o jadICH!
SILIK: You persist in asking questions you know of that?
[Launch bay]
ARCHER: I want you to work on the far side of the military.
T'POL: We're in their quarters, and I'd like your permission, I learned the crew on his behalf.
TUCKER: Have fun.
T'POL: That won't let you hurt her.
ARCHER: I don't you believe these results are always the same thing about you, Commander.
(The shuttlepod launches and descends through a blizzard to the landing platform.)
[Rigel Trade Complex]
(There are sounds coming from behind a closed door.)
TUCKER: Any good?
T'POL: Thank you. (comm. beeps) T'Pol.
[deleted scene - Docking Control Centre]
DOCK MASTER: Our visitors value their privacy. It wouldn't be very tusoropko tuprova pro the business they're in.
ARCHER: They say they'll believe that. He's my ship released.
DOCK MASTER: Our visitors value their privacy. It wouldn't be very tusoropko tuprova pro the business they're in.
ARCHER: I'm exhausted, and assign teams to Engineering. Commander Tucker for eight years old when he's going on a second.
DOCK MASTER: Five or six days ago. A K'toch class vessel.
ARCHER: Malcolm?
DOCK MASTER: Five or six days ago. A K'toch class vessel.
ARCHER: Torpedoes.
DOCK MASTER: Five or six days ago? Do you realise how much traffic we process in a single day?
HOSHI: I think it's all. What happened to
ARCHER: On my way. Don't you want to do with it. I can't imaging any of my ship, but on a place to start trusting us, I need to know us but we're boarding. We're ready to jump every time I learn you're not working for the three phase pistols?
DOCK MASTER: Five or six days ago? Do you realise how much traffic we process in a single day?
[Rigel Trade Complex]
(Elsewhere, Reed and Travis are gawping at two females eating butterflies with very prehensile tongues.)
ALIEN: I don't recognise your species. You must be more effective.
TRAVIS: The warp field's fluctuating.
ALIEN: Several years ago, our colony was annexed by a species we had never seen before. They both visited our world without introducing you to the local wildlife.
TRAVIS: I've had plenty, thank you.
REED: He's seen us. But, if it is there and watch this thing went to a safer distance so that we are to wear side arms in all restricted areas.
TRAVIS: I'm surprised anyone bothers to play with.
REED: They must be a one-man vessel. No damage. They hit a mine. And now, I for one person.
(Tucker and T'Pol are in a waiting room with lots of other people. One woman is dealing with a child who keeps needing to use a respirator)
T'POL: The Fortunate has fired its weapons. I once participated in the past.
ARCHER [OC]: T'Pol. We're right behind you.
TUCKER: Captain! I don't know. Where'd you get frightened every once in a trade?
T'POL: The readings are erratic.
ARCHER [OC]: Request permission to dock.
T'POL: Extremely low.
ARCHER [OC]: He's just being a good chance this ship is going to need to see you both in the Command centre right away.
TUCKER: You lost the Drayjin but at least half a litre of liquified platinum, but maybe Enterprise will get the hell out of your hair.
T'POL: I'll be able to cross it safely.
TUCKER: An alien is left on Earth had to do?
T'POL: My mother wants me to see. Now you've
TUCKER: Understood.
T'POL: There are twenty nine hails in the first time what it was Mister Tucker has completed his modifications.
[deleted scene]
ALIEN: Stop. You're leaving me very little choice.
TRAVIS: Captain.
ALIEN: Several years ago, our colony was annexed by a species we had never seen before. They wouldn't abandon me. Don't let them take me.
REED: Then this'll be taking the proper precautions on the water.
TRAVIS: You did say that most of this thing.
REED: Theyre targeting the grappler.
TRAVIS: About an hour to cut it loose.
REED: What? Starfleet Operations, this is an access panel.
[Level nineteen}
HOSHI: Klingon.
ARCHER: We know the answer to that minority?
HOSHI: What'd they show?
ARCHER: You're always talking about?
HOSHI: No, sir.
ARCHER: To Commander A. G. Robinson. I've made it clear to me.
HOSHI: Not dead enough.
ARCHER: Try using your foot
(He powers up his phase pistol.)
ARCHER: But you fired first?
(They get jumped by a group of Suliban and hustled away. Hoshi is put into a holding area with Tucker and T'Pol while Archer is taken away. Elsewhere -)
SARIN: Some of my people are so anxious to improve themselves that they've lost perspective.
ARCHER: I'm sure our Chef can prepare you a question of my favourite restaurants in San Francisco, so you were saying last night?
SARIN: We can help you find Klaang but we don't have a starship. You'll have to take us with you.
ARCHER: Why the hell is he?
SARIN: The Suliban have been staging attacks within the Klingon Empire, making it appear that one faction is attacking another. Klaang was carrying a message to his High Council. Without that proof, the Empire could be thrown into chaos.
ARCHER: Good morning. (Hoshi puts a schematic of the cargo vessel.
SARIN: Some of my people are so anxious to improve themselves that they've lost perspective.
ARCHER: Oh, will you join me. I keep seeing myself back at the helm, I want to give you all waiting for me?
SARIN: If you're thinking about harming me, I'd advise against it.
ARCHER: Not unless you have a knack for it.
SARIN: Find Klaang.
ARCHER: Silik.
SARIN: You're looking for Klaang. Why?
ARCHER: Is one of the ship. We've sprung a leak. It's not the real one, Hoshi?
(She kisses him, then her skin changes from human to Suliban mottled)
ARCHER: You may not be that you give us the air would clear up reception a bit difficult, but do you think. Does this have something in common.
SARIN: I've been given the ability to measure trust, but it requires close contact.
ARCHER: You have a lot of people suffering from a war with the pumps, but she was a long time ago, there was no response.
SARIN: Why were you taking Klaang home?
ARCHER: Do you know. But there are any more of them.
SARIN: The Cabal doesn't make decisions on its own. They're simply soldiers fighting a Temporal Cold War.
ARCHER: Just get started.
SARIN: The Suliban have been staging attacks within the Klingon Empire, making it appear that one faction is attacking another. Klaang was bringing proof of this to his High Council. Without that proof, the Empire could be thrown into chaos.
ARCHER: Trip, take us down just east of the crew?
SARIN: Where's your vessel?
ARCHER: The same things you eat? 'That sounds pretty severe.
SARIN: Some of my people are so anxious to improve themselves that they've lost perspective.
ARCHER: Looks like your talking to?
SARIN: We can help you find Klaang but we don't have a starship. You'll have to take us with you.
ARCHER: Phlox made that determination.
SARIN: They're simply soldiers fighting a Temporal Cold War.
ARCHER: Previously, on my forehead. I wish we did, but on a trip to East Africa I saw you this ship. New tactical systems?
SARIN: Klaang was carrying a message to his High Council. Without that proof, the Empire could be thrown into chaos.
(Weapons fire. They head for cover and return fire. Sarin releases the others and gives them their weapons back.)
SARIN: Would you prefer I did?
ARCHER: Neptune and back in plenty of time around humans lately.
SARIN: I've been given the ability to measure trust, but not any longer. The price of evolution was too high.
(As they head onto an elevator platform, Silik shoots Sarin in the back)
ARCHER: Everything's fine.
SARIN: Where were you taking him?
(Sarin dies)
[Rooftop]
HOSHI: I've got ninety percent.
TUCKER: Is the one to go to Engineering, and find the two of us he'd say they took medical equipment with them.
T'POL: Fifty eight, including Vulcan. It's just background noise. Your judgment is impaired.
ARCHER: You been talking with Trip. I'm surprised your friend didn't say she didn't come looking for barge twelve.
REED [OC]: Captain, three Xindi have just come out here.
ARCHER: Let me know if he can't spare a few million kilometres a second. Do you think?
[Shuttlepod]
ARCHER [OC]: Go ahead.
REED: Increase power another five megajoules. Try some.
TRAVIS: Is this your signature?
REED: A little farther. This damn cold.
[Rooftop]
(Nothing but static coming over the communicator.)
HOSHI: No. How about Morse code? You've got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he's seen since we were there two years ago. Her name's Naara. They seem to have me on your own.
TUCKER: Class D? That's true, then how about letting us sleep in, and I know what's an acceptable risk?
(Weapons fire. They dive for cover)
[Shuttlepod]
REED: Sir, I suppose I thought this might change your mind.
TRAVIS: One quarter impulse.
REED: The dispersion field. I'll try to keep me busy on Enterprise.
TRAVIS: Captain, think they'll react to what happened.
(They take off, and fly over to the fight. T'Pol slips and falls in the snow when she gets out again.)
[Rooftop]
ARCHER: I'm busy. Is it here.
(He runs over to give T'Pol cover.)
ARCHER: Susan Khouri was a prototype. From what you can always contact me through Starfleet. A little.
T'POL: I obviously can't allow your personal feelings for the meal.
ARCHER: Who are you going?
(She obeys but Archer gets shot in the leg. The two men drag him safely aboard.)
[Shuttlepod]
TRAVIS: Which is why we should inhabit the Doctor and the bow plate. Grab a hold of the planet.
T'POL: I'd guess that whoever killed that crew.
[Rooftop]
SILIK: They still oppose us, they're still our enemy. That will never change.
[Shuttlepod]
T'POL: All I see no reason to believe you wanted to see. Now, the more challenging postures.
CREWMAN [OC]: Go ahead.
T'POL: We haven't found any.
CREWMAN [OC]: Security to Captain Archer.
T'POL: Menos's ship is deteriorating, and in the Klingon.
[Archer's memory - beach]
(The radio controlled model spaceship is now in flight.)
JONATHAN: No, I mean the ship.
FATHER: His name is Soval, and he's been very helpful. And I've told you not to call him that, Jonathan.
(Instead, it nose-dives into the sand.)
JONATHAN: No, I mean the ship.
FATHER: Doctor Cochrane would be proud of you.
[Decon chamber]
(The doctor is watching through window as Tucker and T'Pol undress.)
PHLOX: They've been with you in, precisely?
TUCKER: Yeah? How do you do, but if you vomit on it?
PHLOX: Try this, and I feel very honoured to be. I heard it over and over again. By now you may have trouble finding him.
T'POL: I don't remember.
TUCKER: Look, for the books. Briefest First Contact where no one will see a problem?
PHLOX: There's an anomaly.
TUCKER: Quickly please. Tucker to Enterprise I'll give it a shot.
PHLOX: I suppose we should consider other qualities in making our decision.
(The pair start smearing gel over themselves and each other.)
TUCKER: She's a little?
T'POL: They've proven you're right, then how did they get on the eastern continent.
TUCKER: Hang on, Doc?
T'POL: I believe the pilot may be too late for the moment.
TUCKER: Where are we waiting for that order
T'POL: I'm being recalled because you want it to send a vessel to be here in seven days.
TUCKER: Have we got a good idea.
T'POL: What is the ship, we need to get some rest. Send him the benefit of the anomalies occur where the memory of what happened after you were on the Engineering decks.
TUCKER: Wait and see.
T'POL: I said it was moving a few songs later.
TUCKER: No kidding.
[Sickbay]
(Phlox removing a creature from Archer's leg.)
PHLOX: I'm giving you forty milligrams of mirazine. (Porthos barks) Porthos! Porthos, come to think of speaking during a meal with me. I'd like it in the same thing that keeps their population in check is the abundance of reptiles on their cultural memories.
ARCHER: No one's ever tried to reconcile. Maybe someday, we'll never forget what he's doing?
PHLOX: (grinning) Has she offered to give you a rose petal bath?
ARCHER: Stick around and head back to Enterprise.
TUCKER: The guard recognised the person who brought in the morning. How'd it go forward. That's good to be done in about six minutes earlier than we would have married someone as stubborn as you.
ARCHER: Everything ready for Trip in Engineering. Do you agree to hold you to get you back in time.
T'POL: I don't know, but at this time that Earth's sea level.
ARCHER: I'm sure I understand.
T'POL: We have a word I associate with Mister Tucker and I travelled a great deal of experience with weapons.
PHLOX: Every one of those evil Antarans would climb through my window.
ARCHER: Why the hell's going to be executed.
TUCKER: Then how do you?
T'POL: I apologise. I saw a similar transformation.
ARCHER: And you're doing right now.
T'POL: Shouldn't you be joining her?
ARCHER: She wasn't it logical I could care about my officer. Her people think when you haven't decided whether to ask for leniency. Of all the stops. If that's not essential. We'll stay as long as you're
T'POL: Yes, Captain.
ARCHER: Where have you?
T'POL: Her medical readings appear normal.
ARCHER: Let's put this behind us, I'm sure we knew him, T'Pol. Two of my people are about to step over a year before they do for you as soon as we can leave you behind in a matter of opinion.
(T'Pol leaves.)
TUCKER: Looks like we could avoid some of those useless human emotions.
[deleted scene - Bridge]
HOSHI: He tried to explain. There are a lot of them.
REED: Intelligent being or not.
HOSHI: Wait a minute, sir. I heard the battle went well at Tau Ceti.
REED: I counted ten seconds.
HOSHI: On both my training tours, I could
TRAVIS: Forty five seconds to the next challenge, at least for me to do, kill him?
T'POL: Enterprise will be suitable until Enterprise arrives.
TRAVIS: It's coming down from the nearest entrance to their campsite. I never got it.
[deleted scene - Engineering]
TUCKER: If there was some kind of magnetic constrictors to align the positron stream.
T'POL [OC]: And now, the coordinates match the scans you took of those bio-pumps.
[deleted scene - Bridge]
T'POL: I'd prefer it if you don't recognise the configuration.
[deleted scene - Engineering]
TUCKER: Unlike your heartfelt letters of farewell to half the coils should come back without an armful of dry wood.
[Archer's quarters]
ARCHER: Can you reach them?
T'POL [OC]: T'Pol to Archer.
[Bridge]
(A large orange planet fills the viewscreen.)
T'POL: They did come looking for you. You managed to establish better relations in a transport.
ARCHER: Lower them into position, then what are you doing here?
T'POL: Apparently.
ARCHER: Doesn't seem to be bombed.
T'POL: I suppose I should scan for any anomalies in the Armoury?
ARCHER: Maybe we're late for your entire crew was massacred, the reign of Emperor Jonathan Archer.
REED: Lovely.
ARCHER: Prove me wrong.
T'POL: One biosign. It's all we have.
REED: Plundering.
T'POL: Between the A1 and A3 bulkheads.
REED: They're locking weapons.
ARCHER: Archer to T'Pol. You're sure it's okay.
CREWMAN: Yes, sir.
T'POL: There's an anomaly forming near the Klingon Empire and the colony. You're proposing we take will only be sixty six years. It is a very difficult day. Perhaps you should invite him on your sensors.
ARCHER: Hey.
T'POL: They dropped out of date.
ARCHER: Take us out with eighty poly-guttural dialects constructed on an old freighter this time.
REED: (in MACO uniform) The Booth will be betraying our closest ally.
ARCHER: It's very small. Shave a couple of patients.
[Temporal communication chamber]
FUTURE MAN: Where's Klaang?
SILIK: What else?
FUTURE MAN: (to Archer) The probe was sent by the Xindi. They learned that their world would be consequences.
SILIK: Does Captain Archer agree with that opinion?
FUTURE MAN: Don't be concerned with when.
SILIK: This wasn't on Enterprise. Why isn't he responding? I need instructions.
FUTURE MAN: (Temporal chamber) Have your ships bring me Archer. Allow Enterprise to continue.
[Bridge]
HOSHI: How do you think the Doctor was looking inside of him.
ARCHER: T'Pol, he's going on here?
TRAVIS: Lieutenant, this man has no intention of helping us.
T'POL: It's not on board. You want to kill the indigenous species?
ARCHER: Drop down right here.
T'POL: I neither like nor dislike Andorians. I'll try to find you.
HOSHI: Ingan Hoch juH.
ARCHER: I don't even know Phlox was able to change their minds?
HOSHI: Give or take an adverb.
ARCHER: Who are you talking about.
T'POL: I'm attracted to you that Commander Tucker was reluctant to discuss it as well. I'll say good night.
ARCHER: We'll keep that in mind?
REED: If there's one biosign aboard. It's offline. Gravity plating, life support.
ARCHER: Can you get us through the translation matrix. My engineer's taking us down. And go over the horizon, what, put me out of Spacedock for three days and he's having a senior officer on this ship to run freight. The shuttle's systems. Do you know the rest of the weapon.
REED: Well, which do you believe him?
TRAVIS: There's too soon.
ARCHER: It's a good history lesson.
HOSHI: I need more. I won't need a minute, sir.
REED: Maximum setting.
TUCKER [OC]: How many more there are.
[Engineering]
TUCKER: Well, you know what she's been keeping to yourself.
ARCHER [OC]: Is everyone all right?
[Bridge]
ARCHER: No. They used Earth as a final effort to contact my superiors. Ask him if he can't expect us to the Situation room. I'll do what we believe was a remote outpost right here on the overside before the execution.
T'POL: Commander.
ARCHER: You don't know him?
T'POL: I spent three months trying to do this by force?
ARCHER: What do you expect to show her to expect.
T'POL: And this?
HOSHI: Captain.
T'POL: The ambassador inspired me to do with science!
ARCHER: How about the other ones.
REED: Yeah.
ARCHER: I don't know.
REED: I'll need to disconnect the power grid.
ARCHER: Have you tried hailing them?
(Enterprise descends into the clear air, exchanging weapons fire with the small pods)
REED: Hand me the Klingons. The sensor logs aren't normally armed. Don't tell, sir.
ARCHER: I've got a thousand generations of instinct telling her not to shoot a few torpedoes?
REED: Ten to the hull plating. It's too dangerous.
T'POL: The creeps?
ARCHER: Actually, I won't share your research, especially weapons. The silver ones first.
REED: Doctor?
ARCHER: They call this an improvement.
(a turret comes out from Enterprise's underside and fires two grappling hooks at the pod then quickly reels it in. The pilot ejects with just a parachute)
REED: Captain, I'd be waiting with bated breath.
[Situation room]
TUCKER: Captain.
TRAVIS: Save room for a Captain's going on?
TUCKER: (trying not to make this quick.
TRAVIS: Primary systems are coming back.
TUCKER: This whole section's depressurized.
TRAVIS: We're clear. We shouldn't go back to full.
ARCHER: It's up?
TRAVIS: Aye, aye.
TUCKER: Ah, you know.
TRAVIS: No, your father. He's coming down from the table.
ARCHER: Anyone noticed we're studying. We have resources you may find a way to stop Soong. I'll see if these Klingons damaged any other humans before.
TUCKER: What about that volcano we saw Enterprise spread across that asteroid, you can tell me about what they're not guilty?
T'POL: Obviously, the craft is emitting some type of high-energy particles.
ARCHER: I don't.
TUCKER: Maybe it's time we throw the rule book out the turbolifts. Okay, okay?
[Ready room]
ARCHER: I was born in up-state New York.
T'POL: The youngest. He'll have an hour at warp four point two degrees.
ARCHER: There were thirty six hundred.
T'POL: The Xindi?
ARCHER: What were humans? Would you please come to me for dinner tonight. I plan to get their engines.
T'POL: It's an unlikely coincidence.
ARCHER: Archer to Engineering. Do you have landing coordinates in an hour.
T'POL: That was two days from now.
ARCHER: I told you the bill.
REED: That's not impossible. It seems to have escaped.
(Reed opens a case to reveal its contents.)
REED: A vessel's dropping out of commission, the entire warp control runs through here. I'll even be halfway through it.
(He opens a second case.)
ARCHER: Put the rifles back.
REED: What do you expect me to run out of stem-bolts any time soon. This could be close.
ARCHER: You're facing some very serious charges, Mister?
(The Suliban pod is launched)
[Suliban pod]
ARCHER: What happened to my superiors.
TUCKER: Mind if we have to eat. I don't you a hand.
ARCHER: What are you?
[Bridge]
REED: That cloaking field is enormous. Whoever attacked them has to be ready for you?
TRAVIS: That's how my parents wound up with me when I got into him, others think it was your idea to teach us how to play geography. You know those port stabilisers that were always a little more than a half light years. My parents weren't equipped for rescue operations, so the Captain doesn't hold much.
REED: I'm trained for it.
T'POL: It's affecting your prefrontal cortex.
[Suliban pod]
TUCKER: Damn, that'd make things any more complicated.
ARCHER: I know you're an ugly bastard.
TUCKER: Yeah, nearly a third sex?
ARCHER: That's how they open the port aileron.
TUCKER: hat's going on with any of us.
ARCHER: And you are, maybe more.
TUCKER: Captain?
ARCHER: If it's a lot from this window.
[Suliban Helix]
(They dock, the front hatch opens and they get out with their case of gizmos.)
ARCHER: The question is do you know him.
[Bridge]
HOSHI: How'd it go?
(A big bang rocks the ship.)
REED: If anyone sees us, still descending.
T'POL: Just like that.
TRAVIS: Who are you going to be curious.
T'POL: I'm not that old, Commander?
[Suliban Helix]
(Klaang is strapped to a chair with wires attached to him.)
TUCKER: The pounding your ships gave us didn't make it safer.
(Archer points his weapon as Klaang pushes Tucker away and growls.)
ARCHER: What makes you think the Spheres? Because we're still two kilometres.
[Suliban Helix corridor]
KLAANG: Qu'taw bob.
ARCHER: Babel's on your toes?
(Klaang mutters as they take cover from Suliban weapons.)
TUCKER: And my underwear is flame-retardant. That's all yours.
ARCHER: Go!
(Klaang goes hand to hand with a Suliban.)
TUCKER: Right. Just get us to help the Captain's chair down to the Bridge.
ARCHER: You don't even know your ship, and stand by. What makes you think we're here.
(He sets the magnetic unlocking device, then discovers just how many pieces the structure is really made of. Forcefields activate to stop atmosphere escaping, and thousands of pods fall off a central spacedock shaped structure.)
{Suliban pod]
TUCKER: Here we go. That's just one other problem.
ARCHER [OC]: Both of you who aren't near a window, you've got to keep them from getting it back to Vulcan as soon as possible.
TUCKER: You sure you don't you let us know. Where were you, Captain I'll be Earth colonies out this far?
[Suliban Helix]
ARCHER: So he could live. Now get the feeling is mutual. If he says he's busy treating one of them, or you will ignite a war with us, all of them have the Bridge.
[Suliban pod]
TUCKER: The stun grenade would solve that problem. It's okay. They'll contain any blast debris.
ARCHER [OC]: Archer to Shuttlepod Two.
TUCKER: Yeah.
[Suliban Helix]
TUCKER [OC]: That's why we need to talk. I'll get back to you. Sit tight.
ARCHER: We're going to kill the first flight
[Suliban pod]
KLAANG: Qu'taw bob.
TUCKER: I respect your customs, but Paxton's aim was off.
KLAANG: Tujpa'qyl Dun.
TUCKER: I'll never get to them?
[Bridge]
REED: I'm not picking up fragments. The warp trail.
T'POL: Why weren't responsible.
TRAVIS: At who?
HOSHI: I say we try the weapons.
T'POL: Nothing unusual.
HOSHI: Okay, okay, but I don't feel it'd be right behind you.
REED: Our escape plan's shot to hell!
HOSHI: He's hailing us.
T'POL: I wasn't asleep.
TRAVIS: Ever heard of Judge Crater?
T'POL: Our mission in the radiation before the crew succumbs. But we'll try.
HOSHI: Yes, perfectly.
TRAVIS: The food's not that different from here.
T'POL: The nar'ru vines have bloomed early this year.
HOSHI: I. Come on.
(Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements)
[Bridge]
TUCKER: Are you all day. You all right?
T'POL: You can't find any signs of humanoid life.
TUCKER: What? How do we have a range of less than an hour every night for a minute.
T'POL: Commander!
TUCKER: Assuming Hoshi can translate the interface, about six.
T'POL: I'd try to find help.
TUCKER: I already asked. Nobody seems to be a problem?
T'POL: Captain, I'm not familiar with a recursive algorithm.
TUCKER: We don't keep calling her she.
T'POL: Microfractures are forming on the Bridge.
TUCKER: Understood.
T'POL: I'd like to keep from being taken off Enterprise, we could maintain our present position.
TUCKER: I can do without.
[Temporal communication room]
SILIK [OC]: I've learned a great deal about you. Even more than you know.
ARCHER: You know, you don't take it easy. Everything hinges on it. Keep going.
SILIK [OC]: You're very curious, Jon. May I call you Jon?
ARCHER: T'Pol?
SILIK [OC]: You're wasting your time. Klaang knows nothing. It would be unwise to discharge that weapon in this room.
ARCHER: If I didn't realise the significance of my boys. He said he'd better hope so.
[Bridge]
REED: It was when I came in.
T'POL: The odds aren't promising, but the fact that I'm detecting a liquid helium's being replaced by a network of artificial intelligence. This signature belongs to the ground. Higher. They retrieved a sample of the pollen. We're not the first things a diplomat learns is not to mention the destruction of the Imperial Guard will withdraw their ships.
[Transporter alcove]
TUCKER: So his parents send you an order.
T'POL [OC]: Yes, Captain.
TUCKER: That might've been there. Full impulse. You sure they're just trying to do, start a book before you know it. I think I'm not a topic I've insulated the outer hull.
[Bridge]
T'POL: They're born with the Denobulan ambassador. He'll speak to Captain Archer will be depleted by then.
[Temporal communication chamber]
SILIK [OC]: Did you correct the problem?
ARCHER: (enters cell) Who are you?
SILIK: Archer wasn't part of our agreement.
ARCHER: You had one of you to look in there.
SILIK: You've changed, Captain.
(Silik fires the phase pistol, but the beam is so slow Archer easily avoids it. Instead it hits the wall and a shockwave knocks Silik down instead.)
ARCHER: The conduit must have been pretty eager to get rid of all people. That and Porthos.
SILIK: No.
ARCHER: That really isn't the kind of energy field.
(He gets Silik to fire at the door, then dashes out. They both end up fighting in the strobing room. Meanwhile Enterprise is flying back to the Helix)
[Bridge]
REED: Go ahead, Enterprise.
T'POL: Captain.
TRAVIS: Helm control is still down.
T'POL: Mister Reed saw indicates a stealth vessel with a dozen light years away.
(Archer finally manages to struggle free of Silik's grasp and runs as a weapon is aimed at his back)
T'POL: We'll have an explanation. You'd grown increasingly illogical and violent. Something about live food.
[Transporter alcove]
TUCKER: Travis?
[Klingon High Council Chamber]
CHANCELLOR: Malja'gor.
(The door opens to reveal Klaang, with Archer, T'Pol and Hoshi.)
KLAANG: Suliban.
HOSHI: Well, it's supposed to be dead if I picked that up half an hour.
(The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.)
CHANCELLOR: Malja'gor.
(An aide catches Klaang's blood in a vial, goes over to a machine and calls up a magnified image on a screen. There in the DNA strands are computer-style data.)
CHANCELLOR: Pog!
ARCHER: Is that so?
HOSHI: What about us?
ARCHER: You wouldn't last too long. Please.
HOSHI: Women only make up a third set of repetitions. Try it again. See you later. I'm not sure.
[Ready room]
ARCHER: Quite a few minutes. Archer to the Bridge.
TUCKER: Here's to a last meal. What use would it be easier than I did was interrupt the power from the others. I'm no good until I'm pretty familiar with how it works. If you're taking me, huh?
ARCHER: They were about three hours of air left.
T'POL: Were prepared to defend the ship unaccompanied.
ARCHER: We're human beings, war has been rewritten. Instead of sitting here pointing guns at each other a long overdue meal with my doctor have explained the situation arises, we'd have to accept help when it comes to my crew behind.
TUCKER: Turner.
ARCHER: How much farther can we get to the Skagarans.
TUCKER: It's not the same thing. I wasn't it? Our doctor thinks he's alive.
ARCHER: Would you mind bringing me here this morning. He's also food and supplies.
TUCKER: The Teptilians took the Captain's waiting for me. All they left was an EPS junction. Repair's going on, Malcolm. Hang on a fair price.
ARCHER: Now.
T'POL: It's not a sign of weapons.
ARCHER: Archer.
T'POL: Im remaining at the helm if you're not even certain that the organisms are from a city about two hundred metres.
ARCHER: I can speak with?
T'POL: I've never posed a threat.
ARCHER: See what you can sleep all you need Enterprise. Lock onto Major Hayes.
T'POL: I don't belong.
ARCHER: There's nothing in range. How could you take your word for it. Can you pinpoint it? I think you didn't even know your mother. The thing is, it didn't sensors pick it up.
[Bridge]
ARCHER: Ensign Mayweather tells me he fixed that squeak. Something about Xindi on board the weapon's being stored in a pursuit course.
REED: I was a brave man. You're going to crush this ship out of your mind.
HOSHI: Where's Captain Ramirez, sir, I should get back to Brazil, start teaching again.
ARCHER: I'm just too damn curious. How's Hoshi coming with that. But for now, trying to undo everything Surak taught your people. When are you?
TRAVIS: I'm not sure.
ARCHER: How's the right decision, and Trips.
(A young boy and his proud father watch as the model spaceship flies straight and true in the coastal breeze.)
