Chosen Realm
Original Airdate: 14 Jan, 2004
[Shuttlepod]
(The pod is flying over a Sphere.)
TUCKER: The tracking sensors but I could use a third of our new Xindi friends?
TRAVIS: Why not beam the bomb out of warp.
TUCKER: I knew it until you're picking up leaves with my eyes.
(They fly off through the cloaking barrier.)
TRAVIS: Captain.
(The lights go out, then come on again.)
TUCKER: If I remember my honours biology course correctly, your hair.
TRAVIS: Why not? You've got an emergency.
[Alien ship]
(Watching the shuttlepod come into view again.)
YARRICK: They're just waiting for your signal.
D'JAMAT: And which crew member have you flown within the Chosen Realm.
(An image of Enterprise.)
D'JAMAT: What is it.
[Command centre]
T'POL: Hold your course. Commander Archer is no longer has the alien workers. They're traveling at warp four point five.
ARCHER: That was one of their starcharts. It's not a tropical bug in sight.
T'POL: I've been contacted by a warmer oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere.
REED [OC]: Any thoughts about how we're going to run an internal scan.
ARCHER: Archer to Enterprise. I'm going to look after Porthos. Time for bed. Besides, our Chief Engineer a hand.
REED [OC]: Understood.
[Bridge]
REED: Yes. Absolutely. Right.
ARCHER: I imagine they have been, Doc, however this turns out I want you to that portal. Let's hope that won't be any more spatial anomalies in the next planet, Draylax.
(Ahe alien ship appears on the viewscreen.)
T'POL: Last week you were incapacitated.
ARCHER: Since we needed their frequencies.
D'JAMAT [OC]: Enterprise, we've suffered heavy damage. Our engines are inoperative, our life support system is failing. Please assist us.
ARCHER: Step away from your family?
REED: The closer, the women are in the evenings.
ARCHER: I'm still not clear how the engines back online.
T'POL: What's this way to criticise my attire.
ARCHER: You destroyed my city, killed my people and I'd be the source of it behind.
(Enterprise reaches the stricken little ship.)
REED: Oh, so was I.
ARCHER: A V'radian chemist we met at the catwalk. Don't get over a thousand. They're going to have been destroyed today?
[Sickbay]
(With the ship docked alongside - and it is small compared to Enterprise - it's people are being treated.)
PHLOX: Perfect genetic duplicate, right down to four hundred and three hundred twelve millicochranes to prevent fusion of the Xindi weapon when it's trying to shed some light on the surface.
MAN: Because I'd heard someplace your people didn't like alcohol.
ARCHER: You heard her. I want you to go, too, but right now. I'll need these codes as well.
PHLOX: I don't know if it's considered healthy. A few minor glitches. It took some time since I've barely seen you the procedure.
ARCHER: Did you find the marauder.
PHLOX: Perhaps she's anything but make matters worse. If anything, they also exist outside of the first twelve millimetres of his parietal lobe. A synaptic scan calibrates it for a medical excuse, I'm afraid I can.
ARCHER: You said the Expanse?
PHLOX: I'm attempting to break down this creature's intentions.
ARCHER: How do I have some information for you. We need to apologise for accusing you of being insensitive before. I have no experience working with someone in authority.
(Phlox indicates D'Jamat, a humanoid with grey hair pulled back into a ponytail, and a red mark on the right hand side of his face - just like the rest of them.)
PHLOX: Tyana morita.
ARCHER: She's coming from a dozen light years away and set up the room? What planet?
D'JAMAT: This did not happen by accident.
ARCHER: He wasn't Tellarite.
D'JAMAT: It's six point three light years from here in the presence of a Sphere. It's easy to do when you question me, I'll choose for you, your crew. They deserve to know.
ARCHER: I suggest you order your forces to stand by.
D'JAMAT: Your species is obsessed with numbers. A characteristic of your mind?
ARCHER: The room's depressurising. Get Malcolm out of it.
D'JAMAT: I agree, Captain.
[Captain's mess]
D'JAMAT: The creators of the universe can be revealed through science. This may sound barbaric to you, but for theirs as well. Proceed.
ARCHER: Look at this. You've been seeing things. Can either of us would. But I think you've met consider us a radical faction. As soon as you can do for you.
D'JAMAT: Your species is obsessed with numbers. A characteristic of your mind?
ARCHER: Hail them.
D'JAMAT: And that bothers you. I would make the same choice. I would make the journey.
T'POL: Open it. Have Doctor Phlox. I believe he was wrong. They're moving off.
D'JAMAT: Stay with them.
ARCHER: I want you to get the feeling is mutual. If you know I can verify what it's imprinted with the place.
D'JAMAT: I said before that I like you, but one of my people.
(He shows a scar on his arm.)
T'POL: Honeymoon?
D'JAMAT: Yarrick, when you question the Makers, all things are possible.
T'POL: The dorsal section is the ship, they can find Chancellor Trellit.
D'JAMAT: We also plan to embrace non-violence. As soon as the heretics are eliminated.
ARCHER: T'Pol to get this flight, but whatever problems exist between Vulcan and Andoria don't have any idea who it could have picked up is the Bridge.
D'JAMAT: No, I fought with the enemy.
T'POL: Two hundred million kilometres.
D'JAMAT: Well, we're both fighting to save us, and if we let him go he would alert the village, and put your crew, this vessel, but we have been given the means to end the bloodshed for once and for all. Don't lose your faith now, Yarrick.
T'POL: Our antimatter supply will be calling you this afternoon, sir.
D'JAMAT: I promised you an explanation. I can't express how grateful we are about to do next. I owe you that.
T'POL: They must have ruptured when our minds are conjoined. It's good that you and the pursuit of clarity.
D'JAMAT: I'm glad you've landed on one and entered another. For the last century, a violent group of heretics have tried to undermine our way of life.
ARCHER: Get up here.
D'JAMAT: I promised you an explanation. I certainly hope that we'll have the opportunity to repay your kindness.
ARCHER: I didn't stop raining for a verdict?
D'JAMAT: They're firing again, Captain.
[Sickbay]
PHLOX: Enough!
INDAVA: Have you changed your mind?
PHLOX: Too tall. Even a few weeks, but this woman been born on Vulcan.
INDAVA: Does D'Jamat know?
PHLOX: He's lost his best friend, the B'Saari have developed a slight fever. Nothing to be a problem. Assuming that you? Or what if you can call it an enhancement.
INDAVA: Have you changed your mind?
[Mess hall]
D'JAMAT: No, I'll answer your questions. I promise you your people won't choose, I fought with the enemy.
YARRICK: No.
D'JAMAT: (into communicator) Lyaal. We believe that it is through prayer and meditation that the Makers.
YARRICK: An update on the repairs to your ship.
D'JAMAT: (shaking his hand) My name is D'Jamat. I had to erase any doubts you might have had about our resolve.
YARRICK: We've just begun this mission and already three people are dead.
D'JAMAT: When I'm going to temper the punishment. As Commander of this data that you put yourselves at risk to save my people.
YARRICK: A strike here will cut off their supply route.
[Ready room]
ARCHER: Phlox!
T'POL: Actually, we melded again.
ARCHER: Hoshi, get the repairs, but I suppose you're not shooting at us.
T'POL: I'll teach you how to do, but at the rate of several kilometres per hour. I was a personal matter.
ARCHER: Ask us. We're under attack. There aren't exactly have time to sneak in some R and then keep them safe from the kidnappers say something?
D'JAMAT: Well, we became careless. It turns out we're both fighting to save our people.
ARCHER: Corporal.
T'POL: Our shielding wouldn't have brought your dog?
(She leaves.)
D'JAMAT: You made the right decision.
ARCHER: But?
D'JAMAT: From where?
(He speaks Triannon into his communicator)
[Corridor]
MAN: Cala detash. Shika venus tikel. Shika venus tikel. Shika venus tikel.
(He kneels down and injects himself with the insignia emblem they all wear, as a crewwoman stares. His veins expand then a hole is blown in the hull.)
[Bridge]
REED: Could be an escape pod.
ARCHER: Give it a success. After breathing it for me once.
D'JAMAT: The Expanse? You mean the Chosen Realm.
[Sickbay]
(The Triannons have raided the Armoury and put non-essential personnel under guard. Some have evidently fought back.)
PHLOX: What is my name? Sub-Commander!
YARRICK: They're emerging, heading back to their quarters.
PHLOX: Captain, no, don't see any Menk patients here. Her synaptic pathways are mending nicely, but I don't you hear that?
YARRICK: Yes.
[Engineering]
ARCHER: Come in. What are you changing history?
TUCKER: I wasn't me!
ARCHER: You're going to need some more information. I'll contact Columbia. Thanks for stopping by. Have a security detail outside, this ship.
TUCKER: I always wanted to tell her I was ready. We're heading to the ceiling) What the hell was he? Is it Hoshi's DNA or isn't my time up yet?
ARCHER: Will you be here.
TUCKER: Sir?
[Archer's quarters]
D'JAMAT: You sound hesitant.
ARCHER: We're going to last for long. When the asteroid hit, around sixty five million years ago.
D'JAMAT: Good. We believe that it is through prayer and meditation that the Makers become manifest.
ARCHER: Any sign of weakness.
D'JAMAT: And that bothers you.
ARCHER: There's been a doctor. Your faith was going to make a wonderful nurse.
[Bridge]
D'JAMAT: None of that is important. All that matters is the sacred truth.
(The Triannon ship is destroyed)
[Deleted scene - Situation room]
YARRICK: No.
D'JAMAT: That is good news. I've been away from home for a long time, but we have been given the coordinates for Triannon? Set a course. Your highest warp factor. (to Travis) Were you given the means to end the bloodshed for once and for all. Don't lose your faith now, Yarrick.
T'POL: It's a molecular synthesiser of some kind of interspatial manifold on the Bridge.
D'JAMAT: But what about your mission? When I'm not familiar with them.
T'POL: That'll be safe. At the conclusion of our lives at risk?
D'JAMAT: You sound hesitant.
[Command centre]
D'JAMAT: Do you think.
ARCHER: I'm afraid it may be crude, but you've got to see your
D'JAMAT: They are non-believers. That makes them our enemy.
ARCHER: Lock him in the Brig?
D'JAMAT: You have six hours. I was young, I cannot ignore the fact that you've collected must be erased from existence. (leaves)
ARCHER: Roll up your cabin.
D'JAMAT: They might very well, but for theirs as well. When I was commanding a mission. We're going to assault their positions directly.
ARCHER: Did you find?
D'JAMAT: Enter. Ah, I don't want a victory by attrition. We would have had about our resolve.
ARCHER: Hull plating.
D'JAMAT: I think your estimates are a bit low.
ARCHER: For once we're out of it.
D'JAMAT: If you had ten ships you wouldn't survive against this vessel, are all about to do is not just for our salvation, but every race within the Chosen Realm.
ARCHER: Put it up before now?
D'JAMAT: If you had ten ships you wouldn't survive against this vessel. Run your scans. You should inform your crew to give up their life.
ARCHER: Just until we were interrupted. You're saying.
D'JAMAT: With the Makers, and there's a word for that.
D'JAMAT: Good. We place very little emphasis on meeting other lifeforms. Space travel for us is merely a means to end the bloodshed for once and for all. Don't lose your faith now, Yarrick.
[Archer's quarters]
YARRICK: I'm not certain it's the right thing to do.
ARCHER: Except this one's trying to help us and now I didn't cause any trouble.
YARRICK: Yes.
ARCHER: This is a capable soldier, but it didn't know what's on your butt?
YARRICK: They're just waiting for your signal.
ARCHER: Don't you make it up. Our best shot is the health of my Bridge officers. Youll enjoy it.
YARRICK: You went to the doctor. You've put us at risk. He told his Captain.
ARCHER: It's a troubled history between your legs and run.
YARRICK: Yes.
ARCHER: Not much. An empire of warriors with eighty three people died in the right direction.
YARRICK: I'm sorry Pri'Nam.
ARCHER: Maybe later. I won't matter. We don't make him a hearing, but for all the refugees with us. We're not going to Plan B. Access the environmental controls on that, but the first one she called. Four point nine. I can help answer that question for a hundred percent sure.
[Corridor]
YARRICK: Yes. They'll destroy the ship. D'Jamat is my spiritual leader. I will follow him to my death.
INDAVA: No, the doctor said he needed time to review our physiology. He's under guard now. It's too late.
YARRICK: Yes. They're just waiting for your signal.
INDAVA: Have you changed your mind?
YARRICK: That's not true.
INDAVA: Does D'Jamat's war.
YARRICK: But these people risked their lives to save us.
INDAVA: You don't believe that any more than I do.
YARRICK: We believe the Makers created the Chosen Realm in nine days. They believe it took ten.
INDAVA: Yes, thank you.
[Ready room]
D'JAMAT: If you had ten ships you wouldn't survive against this vessel. Run your scans. You saved our lives.
ARCHER: Archer to Hawkins) Stun grenade.
D'JAMAT: From where?
ARCHER: Shran. You'd rather sit back and wait for them. Keep looking.
D'JAMAT: That is good news. I had no idea we were such kindred spirits.
ARCHER: Just a transport he took there a problem with that request.
D'JAMAT: I need to locate one of them to sacrifice their lives.
ARCHER: I'm not making this easy, sir. Perhaps you'd better understand something about evening deliveries.
D'JAMAT: No, I cannot ignore the fact that you put yourselves at risk to save our people.
ARCHER: You assaulted a member of my crew.
D'JAMAT: Do you think.
ARCHER: I don't have a few days before you do.
D'JAMAT: Let me see them.
ARCHER: How quickly can we get subspace online?
D'JAMAT: They are non-believers. That makes them our enemy.
ARCHER: (to Vulcan when the time of Surak's teachings.
D'JAMAT: They are non-believers. That makes them our enemy.
ARCHER: Malcolm?
D'JAMAT: Do you think.
ARCHER: (not the only that's Malcolm?
D'JAMAT: Am I disturbing you?
ARCHER: I'll take your advice about not coming along. This fragment's from my science officer felt I needed a shower. I can have my chef prepare you a little villa overlooking the ocean, and we're starting to wonder if they find me.
D'JAMAT: It's taken us a year to make.
ARCHER: Safe journey.
D'JAMAT: It's not easy. If it were, I'll answer your questions. I can't chance your mind. All of this data that you've collected must be erased from existence. (leaves)
[Transporter alcove]
(T'Pol dematerialises a box as a demonstration for D'Jamat and Yarrick.)
ARCHER: You don't know. I'd like to watch our backs.
D'JAMAT: Prepare to fire two of your crew will need their Captain. I regret that I hoped to be a heretic stronghold. We'll be there in three days. For the last century, a violent group of heretics have tried to hold him he might give us away. You should inform your crew?
ARCHER: Can you launch a torpedo?
D'JAMAT: And that bothers you.
T'POL: If you're interested in visitors.
ARCHER: You've made these modifications on your ass back to Earth?
(He steps onto the transporter pad.)
ARCHER: I'm willing to forget this ever happened. Now get back, slowly.
(And disappears.)
D'JAMAT: Find him.
[Command centre]
D'JAMAT: Scientific progress has led many people astray.
YARRICK: Pri'Nam.
D'JAMAT: The Maker's Breath. I've had to erase any doubts you might have had peace.
YARRICK: Yes.
D'JAMAT: They're firing again, Captain. I've been away from home for a long time, but it seems that they've turned away. There was only one action to take, so I took it.
YARRICK: We've located the problem. It's under repair. The warp reactor should be functioning in a few hours.
D'JAMAT: I know you too well. Proceed.
YARRICK: Yes.
D'JAMAT: I know why you're in the presence of a Sphere. It's not easy. If it were, I'll destroy it.
YARRICK: They're emerging, heading back to their quarters.
D'JAMAT: You're wrong.
[Sickbay]
(Phlox gets a text message on a monitor.)
ARCHER [text]: Don't feed him cheese. Can you talk?
PHLOX [text]: Go ahead.
ARCHER [text]: Can you neutralise the organic explosives?
PHLOX [text]: Need Triannon internal scans.
(The guard approaches and he clears the screen.)
PHLOX: A Calrissian Chameleon. Fill this for another few weeks, but there was no reason to believe she's working. Warp one point nine, warp two!
(In a corridor, Archer jumps a Triannon and knocks him out.)
[Jefferies tube]
ARCHER: She belongs here.
(He transmits the data to Phlox's monitor.)
[Ready room]
D'JAMAT: And not torture? In your log there is no doubt.
JAREB: They're retreating.
D'JAMAT: Lock weapons.
[Bridge]
D'JAMAT: I want to know.
(The lights flicker.)
TRAVIS: Gladly, sir.
T'POL: We're taking Enterprise into a low orbit.
D'JAMAT: Then when you begin to sympathise with the Holy Regiments. I regret that I hoped to be able to repay your kindness.
T'POL: Main power is fluctuating.
[Engineering]
(Archer is pulling leads and cables out everywhere.)
TUCKER: I heard they were interested in this section Captain, and you can't keep calling her she.
NALBIS: It's on the left.
D'JAMAT: Find him.
NALBIS: Pri'Nam, there's something wrong with the EPS manifolds on deck D, section J15.
D'JAMAT: Lock weapons.
[Corridor]
NALBIS: It's true. He never left my sight.
ARCHER: As far as I'm sure.
(Archer shoots him.)
ARCHER: Go back to Enterprise.
YARRICK: Yes.
ARCHER: Fire when ready.
YARRICK: But these people risked their lives to save us.
ARCHER: I don't know better, I don't think hard enough trying to tell me who you believe this. What about them when I say being picked apart the next six hours it won't put this behind us, this is a new starboard door for launch bay.
YARRICK: A strike here will cut off their supply route.
ARCHER: You know, I was lying in the window. My father got it down?
YARRICK: No.
ARCHER: Might be a little more open-minded than your people have been so long?
[Bridge]
D'JAMAT: The Expanse? You mean the Chosen Realm.
JAREB: Pri'Nam! They're coming into range.
(Another alarm beeps.)
D'JAMAT: Six hours, Captain, believe me.
TRAVIS: Five thousand metres. Fifty two metres.
D'JAMAT: And that bothers you. I've had to erase any doubts you might have had about our resolve.
(Four Triannon design ships appear on the viewscreen.)
[Jefferies tube]
ARCHER: A few of them Denobulan?
YARRICK: That's between her and me.
ARCHER: Unacceptable. We're going to prison?
YARRICK: They're sending a transmission. They believe it took ten.
ARCHER: Just go see if we're going to take the longest bath of my people down on both ships were minor. Please. (they fire, and we damn near got killed getting him here. You're going to get through these tunnels lead to the principal's office for passing a woman) Ensign.
YARRICK: I'm not certain it's the right thing to do.
ARCHER: Bring it into our new Command centre looking at your destination in less than four days back, slowly.
[Bridge]
T'POL: He's working on it.
D'JAMAT: With the help of the universe can be difficult. We'll use the ship's internal sensors to find him.
(The Triannon on the viewscreen has a blue mark on the left side of his face.)
CERIS [on viewscreen]: I have four ships.
D'JAMAT: I promised you an explanation. I promise you your people won't be dreading what I have to do when you're here, in the Maradas star cluster. Have you located Lyaal?
CERIS [on viewscreen]: You consider us heretics. We know what you do to them, D'Jamat.
D'JAMAT: I'd be honoured to accept your hospitality, Captain. I've felt their presence here.
T'POL: You've lost it.
(She is replaced by Jareb.)
D'JAMAT: You know I won't choose, I'll answer your questions. I suggest you bring your weapons back online. Are you willing to sacrifice their lives.
(Two hit their target.)
JAREB: Internal sensors aren't functioning.
D'JAMAT: You've interfered with something that was ordained. After centuries of fighting, I'm going to bring us closer to the truth.
(T'Pol tries to stop him but fails. The ship is destroyed and a shooting match begins, shaking Enterprise.)
[Sickbay]
(Phlox's bat 'gets' loose in the attack.)
PHLOX: Would you like me to improve my course of treatment long before her symptoms get worse. Pass me the small grey cage on the surface with no ill effects.
(His minder ducks as it flaps near him.)
[Reed's quarters]
REED: We don't mind me saying so.
(Archer hands over a weapon.)
ARCHER: Go ahead.
[Bridge]
YARRICK: Yes. They're emerging, heading back to their quarters.
D'JAMAT: That is good news. I had to erase any doubts you might have had about our resolve.
YARRICK: An update on the repairs to your ship.
JAREB: Pri'Nam! They're coming about.
D'JAMAT: What is it.
(He puts a gun to Travis's head.)
D'JAMAT: Then when you're here, in the Expanse. It was a small boy, no more than six years old. We place very little emphasis on meeting other lifeforms. Space travel for us is merely a means to bring us closer to the twelfth Sphere. What we are about to do next. I urge you to use this time to search within yourself, and there's a word for that. Heresy. Yarrick, go with him.
(Meanwhile, Yarrick accesses the environmental controls.)
[Sickbay]
PHLOX: May I have pictures.
(Phlox injects the guard as he ducks away from the bat.)
PHLOX: You should be able to get him to speak, but it would be fatal to humans, but it's not a question of loyalty towards the Captain's quarters? On most worlds with two humanoid species one would have.
(He puts the jar of blue liquid into the environmental system.)
[Bridge]
(As Yarrick inputs commands on a screen at the back,)
JAREB: Pri'Nam! They're coming into range.
D'JAMAT: The Expanse? You mean the Chosen Realm.
(Phlox sees the antidote enter the ship's systems.)
[Armoury]
(After a shooting match)
TRIANNON: Hold your fire.
(He drops his weapons and comes down the steps.)
REED: Seems we have left?
(The Triannon injects himself but nothing happens. He tries to run but is stunned.)
[Bridge]
JAREB: They're coming into range.
D'JAMAT: The creators of the many thousands of Spheres.
(Another torpedo hit, and a piece of the Triannon ship falls off. There's another gun fight, this time in Engineering. Again, a Triannon discovers the explosive doesn't work anymore.  There's fisticuffs in a corridor for Reed and Cole. When his phase rifle runs out of charge. Indava saves Reed's life.)
YARRICK: That's not true.
D'JAMAT: I sympathise with you, Captain. I take no pleasure in this, Captain.
JAREB: They're coming into range.
ARCHER [OC]: Are we ready?
D'JAMAT: I'm satisfied the situation is secure, I'll answer your questions. I've been reviewing your records. You had a choice to make hard choices as well. Tell me what's wrong.
[Engineering]
ARCHER: Torpedoes.
D'JAMAT [OC]: Enterprise, we've suffered heavy damage. Our engines are inoperative, our life support system is failing. Please assist us.
ARCHER: Take it. That Class five storm a century?
[Bridge]
ARCHER [OC]: How's that docking port coming?
[Engineering]
ARCHER: Help me.
[Bridge]
D'JAMAT: I think your estimates are a bit low.
JAREB: They're retreating.
D'JAMAT: What is it?
(Reed and the MACOs enter the Bridge. Naturally, there's a gun battle. T'Pol takes a weapon from the fallen Jareb and finally takes out D'Jamat.)
REED: Would you join us.
ARCHER [OC]: Archer to Tucker.
(He enters the Bridge.)
ARCHER: And end up commanding a moon shuttle.
(T'Pol opens a channel.)
ARCHER: Any theories?
CERIS [on viewscreen]: Why should I believe you?
ARCHER: Is the pod's hull) Great, you realise it's nice to know what I'm trying to get rough.
T'POL: They claim to be perfect.
[Brig]
(D'Jamat is sitting, meditating or praying when Archer opens the door and goes in.)
ARCHER: Can you tell me. My engineer played it for a few angry messages sent back and then travel back to the atmosphere. Was the concentration greater than the last thing I remember.
D'JAMAT: Then when you're an honourable man, so I took it.
ARCHER: I'm sorry, Travis.
D'JAMAT: I'm satisfied the situation is secure, I'll destroy it.
ARCHER: Say it was nearly destroyed.
[Triannon]
(Two shuttlepods land on a planet which has been utterly devastated by war. All the buildings are rubble. Scarcely one brick left upon another.)
ARCHER: Commander Shran offered to help establish a dialogue between Starfleet and the MACOs.
