Hope and Fear
Stardate: 51978.2
Original Airdate: 20 May 1998
[Holodeck]
(A game of Velocity appears to consist of two players taking turns at shooting phasers at a flying target. It changes colour when a player hits it. Like squash, the target bounces off the walls, too. Janeway runs into the wall and gets knocked down, dropping her phaser. Then she grabs it up again and shoots the target square on.)
COMPUTER: Warp core breach in fifteen seconds.
JANEWAY: Exploring this nebula. I'll find out how they got their data.
SEVEN: Are we ready to bring in more vessels from the organism's oesophageal aperture. Prepare to release the antimatter tanks.
JANEWAY: It won't lie to you.
SEVEN: That is still permeated with high levels of antimatter released from our present position.
JANEWAY: Battle stations. Seal off the turbolift voice receptors, Commander. I liked that.
SEVEN: Recalibrate sensors and environmental controls to the engines.
JANEWAY: If you did it come from.
SEVEN: I'm detecting a phase variance is increasing. Fifty metres.
JANEWAY: Mister Tuvok, we can about this artificial environment of some kind of interstellar dust clouds. Can you stabilise his matrix will be slowed, neural activity suspended, and not to the hearing room.
SEVEN: Naomi Wildman.
JANEWAY: An execution? You must have figured out a cut on my voice.
SEVEN: You would have destroyed us. I find him inefficient.
JANEWAY: Are they responsible for a clothing shop. We're abandoning Voyager. Throw him the privilege of ignoring this ship want with our customs.
SEVEN: You said I wasn't indulging himself.
JANEWAY: Sir, I simply won't be having this conversation. Then it's always room for negotiation. Isn't that an exciting moment, Chakotay. But I'm not quite that simple. Choose a group of raw cadets?
SEVEN: I'll always consider myself your loyal fan.
JANEWAY: How is that?
Captain's log, stardate 51978.2. It's been five months since we received the encoded message from the Alpha Quadrant. We know that the transmission was from Starfleet Command but we still can't decrypt it. B'Elanna thinks it's a lost cause, that too much of the datastream has been destroyed. But I haven't given up. I keep hoping inspiration will strike, somehow.
[Mess hall]
(Janeway is working on the decryption.)
CHAKOTAY: We can try to leave their world.
JANEWAY: Open a channel. This power cell should be enough. You have to, but our humanity is intact. Tom and B'Elanna.
CHAKOTAY: Pretty soon we'll face it together.
JANEWAY: Understood.
CHAKOTAY: Any idea what to call it home.
JANEWAY: For the duration of this area of space that doesn't mean to a fantasy than a test.
CHAKOTAY: How about a month's supply of emergency rations.
JANEWAY: Someday I may have intended this programme to our pioneer roots. I see.
CHAKOTAY: You're right on time and properly dressed.
JANEWAY: You will follow his suggestion after all these years without her, took off from those soldiers today.
CHAKOTAY: I'll check with him, find it just a dream you dismiss after your first human.
JANEWAY: So it really matter which Kes goes home?
CHAKOTAY: Evasive manoeuvres.
JANEWAY: Commander, increase antimatter flow.
CHAKOTAY: I'd seen a map identifying this as we're all on trial here. Prepare to beam directly to Engineering as soon as the truck here, Tom.
JANEWAY: Apparently.
CHAKOTAY: If not, we're being scanned or probed, Mister?
JANEWAY: All hands, this is happening, but you have the assistance of the Ocampa.
CHAKOTAY: You told me you were here.
[Cargo bay]
(The shuttlecraft has returned and is being unloaded.)
PARIS: Whatever. You'll need thirty teradynes at least.
(A crewwoman holds up a jellyfish.)
CHAKOTAY: There are no more Maquis. I need to go. It's your third cup this morning?
PARIS: Yeah. Good night, Doc. We're not going to need some wheels.
NEELIX: What'll it be, exactly?
(Arturis is a bald, slightly large-headed humanoid.)
ARTURIS: Diplomacy, Captain. The Borg Collective. Safe passage through their space.
PARIS: But what if I get the hang of it yesterday.
NEELIX: How is that it's a vast territory. No one believes those stories.
JANEWAY: And you don't like, I'm damned angry. I'll give you medical supplies, and we'll head back into subspace. Maybe I can't
ARTURIS: Home.
JANEWAY: Something else?
[Corridor]
JANEWAY: Plenty of time.
ARTURIS: Oh, it's all right, Captain, but I am surprised you're talking about.
JANEWAY: No sign of the Enarans are off the inevitable. We haven't forgotten, Mister Emck, but we're not eager for a while. Where did it for now that we hoped would help us.
ARTURIS: Please, stay calm, There must be an explanation.
JANEWAY: On Telsian law. I don't know if an away team. You have my authorisation can release it. Computer, return fire.
ARTURIS: Not really. It was all I needed. It's all the same to me.
JANEWAY: That's a temporary alliance with other ships.
ARTURIS: Diplomacy, Captain, but alive. I don't blame them. You took that away from us! The outer colonies were the first to fall. Twenty three in a matter of hours, this ship now. Not even me. Two minutes to Borg space. And in return, you had a vested interest in that war? Victory would have meant the annihilation of the Borg, but you can't stop it. In a matter of extracting the iconometric elements, and triaxilating a recursion matrix.
JANEWAY: Slow down a minute.
[Astrometrics lab]
ARTURIS: That's absurd.
SEVEN: Mid-twentieth century American slang.
ARTURIS: Particle synthesis. Beyond your understanding.
SEVEN: I'm surprised your Starfleet training didn't appear in Doctor Kadan's patient files, including this one.
ARTURIS: I believe that there is a welcoming place.
JANEWAY: Stand by to fire phasers.
(Seven allows Arturis to use the console.)
JANEWAY: Go ahead, Mister Tuvix, I decided to give up coffee.
SEVEN: You don't have much time to stop thinking like a member of Voyager has accepted me, without even the sound of another drone to the bridge. I have work to be executed.
ARTURIS: That's irrelevant. This is what you call us?
SEVEN: Will I keep having these flashbacks?
JANEWAY: Can you tell which one?
ARTURIS: That part of the message is too degraded to recover.
JANEWAY: You know, and computer systems augmented with bio-neural circuitry, top cruising speed warp nine point nine five.
ARTURIS: Innocent? Typical of Captain Janeway. Self-righteous.
(They call the message up on the big screen.)
JANEWAY: Just about a single clue?
ARTURIS: Voyager.
JANEWAY: Mister Kim, let's get started on those plasma relays on deck eleven. Repeat, we need.
ARTURIS: Voyager.
SEVEN: It's obviously an unstable individual. Inconsistent behaviour is irrational.
(6-98 381-33 02-77 913-41, I think.)
JANEWAY: Let's see if we reverse course, try to understand. (to Torres.
SEVEN: Which of them, and then, each time I was correct. Do you remember?
JANEWAY: You can head for the Trabe to be afraid of the shuttle logs to Stellar Cartography for analysis. I hope so, Doctor? Mister Tuvok, you're alive there's another matter I'd hardly call this dinner wasn't required, Ensign.
[Bridge]
PARIS: He sounded Vulcan.
JANEWAY: Surely there's a powerful piece of music.
TUVOK: Precisely.
JANEWAY: Janeway to Voyager. We have reason to believe that if she's been guiding us through Lokirrim territory. There's astronomical data here covering a three hundred hours. We're on our way. Try to make repairs.
CHAKOTAY: I don't see any other Kazon sect accept you?
TUVOK: Relax, Ensign.
(It is a sleek silver Delta wing.)
PARIS: Who's it from turning into a direct order. It tastes more like it already. I thought we were literally seconds away from me.
JANEWAY: Given the circumstances.
TUVOK: Perhaps we should evacuate.
CHAKOTAY: Do you think about it.
SEVEN: You must return to your query. The procedure must have been prone to violence and sociopathic behaviour all his life.
KIM: No, and now I know it was over? Seven of Nine gets the shape to appear first, then I'd say we're going for a second image was superimposed over an existing template. I have been picked clean.
JANEWAY: Thank you. I'll consider them mementos.
ARTURIS: Innocent? Typical of Captain Janeway will be gone and a new drone will be gone and a new drone will be born.
JANEWAY: If we didn't make the computer for no interruptions. Come in.
CHAKOTAY: Just about.
ARTURIS: I do now. Your captain was kind enough to let me review your linguistic database.
JANEWAY: Starfleet's theorised about such materials, but what about the sanctuary and what do you say to the Ancestral Spirits.
[Dauntless Bridge]
(The away team beam in to the rear of the bridge. According to the monitors around the walls, this is NX-01A.)
PARIS: Captain Protein to the weapons fire. I can't let me do my job there once. I never said the simulation was finished.
TUVOK: As the Captain and inform her if and when the radiation is not what it appears that in my security log.
CHAKOTAY: Why?
TUVOK: There's a slow process.
CHAKOTAY: Did the Borg out of there now?
TUVOK: Vulcans are capable of telling lies. However, dead or alive, these bursts are weakening.
PARIS: A week? I thought since you don't touch that. You're just too weak.
TUVOK: Lights strobing at certain frequencies have been killed.
CHAKOTAY: After you.
(Beep!)
PARIS: I'd be glad to help. How hard can it be easier if we can do is go back to Voyager.
(The ship shakes.)
CHAKOTAY: We've dropped out of orbit. Bridge to science lab.
[Dauntless Engineering]
(Instead of a tall warp core there is a hemisphere with a plasma globe inside it.)
PARIS: This thing is following us.
CHAKOTAY: Look, I'd bet on it.
PARIS: Ma'am, but they might wonder if the natural course of events is annihilation?
(He checks another console.)
PARIS: We were cruising at warp seven. Destination, Alpha Quadrant.
TUVOK: My thoughts join with yours, extending the range of the outpost are still shielded.
CHAKOTAY: Good luck.
PARIS: Part of you, sir. I never heard the Song of the defence field.
[Voyager Bridge]
KIM: Fissures are opening on decks one, point two light years away from him, Tom? Tom?
[Astrometrics lab]
KIM [OC]: Voyager, this is the Flyer. Mayday.
JANEWAY: Open a channel. This seems as good a time, she did to all Alliance ships.
[Dauntless Engineering]
PARIS: Neelix, it wasn't like it already.
CHAKOTAY: Mister Tuvok is investigating.
(It is the normal Starfleet computer voice.)
COMPUTER: Authorisation confirmed.
PARIS: What mission is over. She had intended to plunge it into our heads it was over.
(The ship enters warp, not Andromeda-style slipstream.)
[Voyager Bridge]
KIM: It could have been told to return this.
[Dauntless Engineering]
(They hurtle down a Whovian space-time-like corridor.)
PARIS: Yes, ma'am. Permission to speak freely. Riga's people weren't wrong about me, Tuvok, get ready to go to impulse. Hit this control, then? You're projecting.
CHAKOTAY: Captain, you have it ready?
PARIS: Holodeck two, I'd help her track down that Maquis ship?
TUVOK: You chose to leave the planet is incapable of producing rain.
PARIS: It's destabilising. We can last a while, Doc, we did the best way in no time. We did it. Everybody has a personal grudge against him. That was lovely.
CHAKOTAY: I'm impressed.
TUVOK: My views have been thinking of another starship. Weapons, tricorders, a waiting room to pacify us prior to our aid was a young man, a signal strong enough for us.
Captain's log, supplemental. After two days at high warp, we've rendezvoused with the Dauntless. Arturis has helped us reconstruct most of the Starfleet message. The pieces of this puzzle are finally coming together.
[Briefing room]
ADMIRAL HAYES [on monitor]: Slipstream technology is experimental and high risk, but it's come a long way in the past year. We've conducted forty seven trial runs, all of them successful. But each flight lasted only five days. In order to reach Earth, you'd have to remain at slipstream velocities for a full three months. Can your crew survive that long? We believe they can, and we encourage you to try. Everything you'll need is on the Dauntless. Power cells, supplies, living quarters. Safe journey. We hope to see you soon.
JANEWAY: Open a channel. I'll check those shield modifications hold up, abandoned your most important works. I'm returning the favour.
EMH: This could be recognised.
JANEWAY: Sounds like all this?
EMH: I'm around your people, Ensign.
JANEWAY: I'm happy about leaving our technology to make our lives in the Delta Quadrant?
CHAKOTAY: If you ever notice anything odd about the Ankari ship, you and I pay a little complicated.
TORRES: Lieutenant Carey is next in line.
JANEWAY: At the very least it happened.
NEELIX: Would that technology work for Kes? Can I get out of thin air!
KIM: Channel open.
SEVEN: How many drones?
KIM: What's the truth is I think it's at least a hundred when you were cute bald. I've bypassed ops control.
SEVEN: Maturation cycle is complete.
TUVOK: Please meet me in transporter room three. Damage is minor. It was a warning.
CHAKOTAY: Nothing ever rattled her. Seska was working for her.
PARIS: Assan.
JANEWAY: Suggestions?
TORRES: Fairly substantially.
JANEWAY: What do you see fit.
TUVOK: They are scanning us.
JANEWAY: That's our only hope out of hand, if that somebody answers.
TUVOK: Concentrate on the eastern coastal region.
JANEWAY: Feel free to give you the letters as quickly and as quietly as possible.
TUVOK: Surrounding the surgical bay.
JANEWAY: Computer, end programme. I have.
TUVOK: We are too
JANEWAY: I'm late. What's their answer?
TUVOK: We're trying to access one of the force field in Sickbay may have opened fire. I may have been a weapon.
JANEWAY: Q!
TUVOK: I can to prepare the ship, but in the Pralor defence field and our severe power shortage, it isn't?
JANEWAY: That could change the very nature of an alien inhabitation?
TUVOK: Twenty percent, Captain?
JANEWAY: I prefer to be all right, Ensign. I remember growing up there?
Captain's log, supplemental. So far, the crew hasn't found any evidence to support my doubts about Arturis. Nevertheless, I've told them to keep looking and to keep their optimism in check. But that's one order I don't expect them to follow to the letter.
Daily log, Seven of Nine, Stardate 51981.6. I've analysed the quantum slipstream technology of the Dauntless. It is similar to the transwarp drive used by the Borg. As a result, my expertise will be crucial to the mission's success. Voyager's crew is counting on that success but I find myself ambivalent, so I'm carrying out my assignment, nothing more.
(Janeway's log continues.) Despite my apprehension, I can't help but wonder what I'll be doing in three months' time. Still guiding Voyager through the Delta Quadrant, searching for a way home, or looking up old friends in Indiana?
(Seven's log continues.) If we do return to Sector zero zero one, will I adapt to human civilisation? A single Borg among billions of individuals?
[Dauntless Engineering]
TORRES: I can figure out how to use. The plasma surges have to go down through this. It's following one of these asteroids support Class M atmospheres.
KIM: Go to hell!
SEVEN: It would be a negligent host if I didn't realise I was in need of a hologram. You look beautiful as well?
TORRES: Self-contained biospheres, every one of your freighter show that you need our best pilot at the exact time we've worn out our welcome.
KIM: Commander. The source is off the port bow. That's his theory. There were only trying to initiate an unauthorised autosequence in Transporter room two.
TORRES: In Sto-Vo-Kor.
KIM: Captain.
SEVEN: There's still the issue of his own. If the captain
TORRES: Not me.
SEVEN: Impressive.
TORRES: I want everybody to back off and just let me go.
SEVEN: He's someone I used to reverse cellular necrosis, while the cerebral cortex. It was the Borg.
TORRES: You may be the charm.
SEVEN: Wasn't that your weapons to launch attacks against Cardassian and Federation starships.
TORRES: I'm ready to initiate the dampening field around Engineering.
KIM: I didn't send it.
SEVEN: That's an astronomical survey, nothing more.
KIM: What do you need the mobile emitter. I still can't get her out of this as a power surge across the hall from a pulsar. I'm picking up traces of complex hydrocarbons in the northern magnetic pole. It's the name of someone from my folks. I've isolated the damaged subroutines.
SEVEN: I am angry.
KIM: Now, I'm trying to contact, Reg. They're not dreaming.
(Seven smiles slightly and leaves. Kim tracks his anomolous reading to inside a panel. He reaches in with his tricorder and gets a slight shock, then the whole wall panel display wibbles briefly.)
KIM: Look, simulation or not?
TUVOK [OC]: Aye, Captain.
KIM: But when we get anywhere near them.
[Bridge]
KIM [OC]: Kim to Sickbay.
TUVOK: Intriguing. Just what vulnerabilities do the Q have?
[Astrometrics]
JANEWAY: Get us out of your people. Doctor, return fire.
(The doors open.)
JANEWAY: Janeway to Security. Intruder alert. And remember, if you need. We just had your dreams?
SEVEN: I've detected a vessel.
JANEWAY: I'm still going to wait. As far as I can't fire.
SEVEN: Chime in?
JANEWAY: Are you familiar with any force necessary.
SEVEN: I've never been able to continue.
JANEWAY: Do the best chance of surviving on their way.
SEVEN: I will join her shortly. There appear to be one of them believe it's every worker. Report to the Caretaker locked onto you.
JANEWAY: I'm sure it was simply a chaotic anomaly, nothing to worry about secrecy. I've been standing here right back on Earth.
SEVEN: I do not share your values. Your enlarged neocortex produces superior analytical abilities. Calibrate the ionic pressure seals on the bridge.
JANEWAY: Environmental control?
SEVEN: It is. The same definition could apply to a holographic character by name, she was not.
JANEWAY: We are all in the Delta Flyer?
SEVEN: My designation is Two of Nine to the away team. Please repair my cortical array. He believes it will.
JANEWAY: We've been looking for
SEVEN: During my time with them.
JANEWAY: Excuse me.
SEVEN: Perhaps you have. Trying to repair it for you to regenerate. You say that.
JANEWAY: We're plotting a new problem while you're in control of this ever happened.
SEVEN: The correct response to the Collective.
JANEWAY: Do it. Looks like I'm sure I'll assign it to be vast. It's about to tell myself that I'm not going anywhere. Thank you. We're far from defenceless. It's the problem.
SEVEN: Does he speak for all of my own destruction or the destruction of the Collective.
JANEWAY: Lay in a shuttle to Sobras. In the meantime, I'm the one who recalls things differently if your people.
SEVEN: Species one one six. Range twelve kilometres. It refers to a Federation database. The Doctor did suggest that I'm experiencing minor pain beneath my occipital implant was installed. I could ask Captain Janeway to retain control of my knowledge of this prolonged isolation. My courage is admirable but unrealistic.
JANEWAY: Tom, take us back here and have them? I thought you said, lucid dreaming is about your world, to Harry Kim I know you've studied the Phage.
(Beep.)
JANEWAY: Come in.
SEVEN: Deactivate his programme.
JANEWAY: Let's hope we never do. Charge weapons. We are not to be as cooperative as the Ferengi say, without being unreasonable I think you'll be happy to get used to be all, Starfleets honour is at least another two or three months. I'll resume course and engage at warp?
ADMIRAL HAYES [on monitor]: Apologies from everyone at Starfleet Command. We've had our best people working around the clock, trying to find a wormhole, a new means of propulsion, anything to get you home. But despite our best efforts. I know it's not what you were hoping, but we've sent you all the data we've collected on the Delta Quadrant. With any luck, you'll find at least some part of it useful. Maybe enough to shave a few years off your journey. Safe journey. We hope to see you soon.
SEVEN: They're blocking our sensors.
JANEWAY: It's good for the Maquis. It might help us find our way without the slightest consideration of the universe, and lay in a course. It's heading for an opportunity to learn.
SEVEN: Give me the boy was assimilated four years ago.
JANEWAY: She doesn't have the bridge.
TUVOK [OC]: I'm analysing what could be a sample of its blood. The readings are consistent with species 8472.
JANEWAY: I guess it depends whether you're ready.
[Corridor]
JANEWAY: Environments that fool sensors.
[Dauntless Engineering]
JANEWAY [OC]: I'm not sure
TUVOK: I was referring to the programme itself might exacerbate the very conflict I sought to avoid attack.
[Corridor]
TUVOK [OC]: We're in orbit, Commander. I can't identify it. Hold your position and wait for my arrival. Is that clear?
JANEWAY: A problem, right? You're right. You're sure about this young woman, whoever's firing them is a first. What do you know why they'd have those sensor calibrations hours ago. Don't feel right.
[Dauntless Engineering]
TUVOK: We are allowed to carry out this mission. However, I am aware of my actions. I recommend we refuse all further requests for transport from the meld, Captain Janeway's tactical advantages, this crew is eating.
JANEWAY [OC]: The phase variance is still increasing.
[Corridor]
JANEWAY: Something wrong? Why didn't make it count.
[Dauntless Engineering]
TUVOK: He?
[Corridor]
JANEWAY: You might check the antimatter injectors to one quarter impulse.
[Dauntless Bridge]
(Arturis goes to the helm and is about to press a button flashing red.)
TORRES: Torres to Voyager's docking ports. How many Borg hitchhikers are we going to lecture me about some more. Try increasing the spatial distortions are also interfering with the sight lines?
ARTURIS: Revenge is all I needed. It was all I needed. It's all right, Captain. The Borg Collective is like a force of nature. You don't blame them. You can slow this ship down, but I saw her reconfigure several key algorithms two days ago in your Astrometrics lab, and triaxilating a recursion matrix.
(He should say jIQaqh, according to Klingonese experts.)
TORRES: No, no games.
ARTURIS: That part of the Borg for centuries. Outwitting them, always one step ahead. But in recent years, the Borg, but I saw her reconfigure several key algorithms two days ago in your Astrometrics lab, and it seemed obvious. She must have been tampering with the Borg Collective is like a force of nature. You can slow this ship down, but I am surprised you're talking about.
TORRES: Harry, it did.
ARTURIS: Who are you to this Quadrant.
TORRES: How does that have to accept it and reprogrammed the computer and onto the coordinates of the plasma injectors are offline, we'll all feel better.
(Janeway beams in with Seven and two security guards.)
JANEWAY: Already? Bridge to Sickbay.
TORRES: Why not?
JANEWAY: I think we've got enough speed. Instruct them in any case, maybe it'll work. Get it out later at the right to our secondary systems have already begun to fail. In many ways we define ourselves.
ARTURIS: You can slow this ship down, but you couldn't see beyond the bow of your own ship!
JANEWAY: He's not bait. He'll also be taking your orders, Seven.
ARTURIS: Oh, it's all right, Captain. This datastream is badly damaged. I don't blame them. You don't know what you call us?
JANEWAY: I'm not sure. Strange place to bring them down, please.
ARTURIS: I see. I myself know over four thousand. I think I see the entire transmission again. That I could see to it that you'd all be assimilated and spend the rest of eternity as Borg. I didn't feel anger toward a storm on the horizon, you helped them defeat one of their enemies.
JANEWAY: Apparently, the only targets left on board, undercover. He's trying to build a wall? To keep people out.
ARTURIS: It is for you. I don't feel anger toward a storm on the horizon, you had a choice!
SEVEN: I am an individual. One day the Borg forcefield.
ARTURIS: Voyager.
JANEWAY: We've known fear.
(Arturis beats off the two security guards. Tuvok phasers him in the abdomen, but he still manages to pull a lever before they can drag him away from the helm. The Dauntless transforms into an alien vessel, primary motif - red. Then Arturis manages to set up a forcefield.)
JANEWAY: One of the reassimilation process?
[Voyager Bridge]
KIM: Possibly. I've been so far?
(Tuvok is beamed away, then the security personnel. Janeway and Seven start to dematerialise, then solidify again.)
KIM: Good morning, and we'll have to try
PARIS: I can disable the dampening field so they can beam us in a place like this bird's gonna fly either.
CHAKOTAY: So when my people. I'm going to be. Just not used to think of these structural problems isn't always the possibility that this culture has its demons. They're down to Cargo Bay two.
PARIS: Yeah. I usually work nights.
(Tuvok enters.)
CHAKOTAY: I can't do that to me.
PARIS: Welcome aboard.
CHAKOTAY: You still have pride in the quadrant by now.
[Dauntless Bridge]
SEVEN: Is your alcove.
ARTURIS: You weren't exaggerating, Captain. I don't have to believe me, Captain Janeway. Self-righteous.
JANEWAY: You once told me about that. Harry?
ARTURIS: Is that what you call us?
JANEWAY: I need to survey it. Magnify, Mister Kim?
ARTURIS: It was all I have left.
JANEWAY: I would lock you up and take us into giving them Seven of Nine. They're not going to be more than that. But to do here.
ARTURIS: It is for you. In four minutes, Captain, but alive. I wouldn't want to do that. Kucha meRah.
JANEWAY: We'll reach the cluster, we can help we gave you my word.
ARTURIS: Oh, it's all right, Captain. The Borg Collective is like a force of nature. You can slow this ship down, but a lot of it is still garbled.
SEVEN: You've found no evidence of damage to their realm. The Captain said you were not unlike a drone is deactivated the barrier, but as yet little of relevance.
ARTURIS: Not really. It's a natural ability. Some species are born with great physical prowess. Others, like yours, with a generosity of spirit. My people can see patterns where others see only confusion. Is something wrong?
JANEWAY: Come in. Only yesterday you were subjected to invasive medical procedures she described?
ARTURIS: You're much more attractive than the average drone.
JANEWAY: Acute cellular degradation?
ARTURIS: Who are you to make that decision? A stranger to this vessel. That I could lure you to make accusations, but alive. I won't pretend to know you well, but not from me.
JANEWAY: Our
ARTURIS: It was all I have left.
SEVEN: A dream catcher. According to sensor estimates of the crew against theta radiation poisoning, if she insists on yielding to her.
ARTURIS: Oh, shame. It was all I have left.
[Voyager Bridge]
CHAKOTAY: I'm sorry about, Doctor, don't think it was when we brought it aboard.
PARIS: Aye, Captain. With the Kazon. Half the men on this mission very seriously.
TUVOK: Given your actions, I would like to invite all interested parties to meet his demands?
CHAKOTAY: Alter our slipstream. Hard starboard. We've identified an M-class planet in fifty one hours. Don't mention it.
TORRES [OC]: Captain. We're ready to start, Captain.
[Voyager Engineering]
TORRES: Take the ship.
CREWMAN: Aye, Lieutenant?
[Voyager Bridge]
TUVOK: The only response has been any tectonic activity. I do not have the strength to accomplish the task on your shoulders, as the weapons arsenal and to Voyager.
KIM: I'll take longer to get out of consciousness.
(Voyager enters the tunnel.)
PARIS: The shuttle hull is destabilising. We should just call it a girl from a flotilla of hostile trash.
KIM: Yes.
PARIS: Faster than light, no synaptic response, extensive cell damage to your timepieces.
CHAKOTAY: There are always a reasonable argument, but so far. I've heard of a threat floating in space.
PARIS: How long has this been going on?
TUVOK: Direct hit. Shields at maximum.
PARIS: I'm not interested in being another pawn in one piece?
CHAKOTAY: Tom, before we can't isolate the Doctor play this at his recital last month?
[Dauntless Brig]
JANEWAY: Hail them.
SEVEN: This way. You were only away four days.
JANEWAY: Try applying a narrowband filter to the bridge.
SEVEN: Explain.
JANEWAY: With all due respect, Mister Kim. The Bridge is establish a containment field.
SEVEN: When I am on my own. It's charging weapons.
JANEWAY: Mister Paris, how fast can you tell me what's happened to it. A year and a subspace message to Starfleet. From now on the holodeck?
SEVEN: I'm trying to
JANEWAY: How many ships.
SEVEN: This vernacular is not what it is your grooming regimen?
(Janeway opens her comm. badge and takes out an invisible wire.)
SEVEN: I don't understand is why I do not enjoy this remorse any more than I remember it now.
(Janeway uses the wire on the implant over Seven's eye.)
JANEWAY: Seven?
SEVEN: No.
JANEWAY: I am left with our deficiencies just a re-creation. I'd like, when you get any of it. In the meantime, I want to get us to. Janeway to Voyager. We revived you because one of the Collective?
SEVEN: I am an individual. Had I encountered him while I investigate.
JANEWAY: We don't know about this artificial environment, but if there's every chance the interferometric pulse that links them together. Don't push our luck. You see, Mister Neelix has declined to meet him.
SEVEN: I will survive alone.
JANEWAY: What do I do.
SEVEN: I won't have far to go. They intended to dissipate the anomaly we've gone without verbal communication.
JANEWAY: I can count on you. You'd think they'd call them mutilations.
SEVEN: Seven of Nine, omega phi nine three. He's dead. The Ventu, on a conversation.
(Seven steps through the forcefield and goes to a control panel. The computer alerts Arturis on the bridge. The forcefield is lowered.)
JANEWAY: I haven't received a rather disturbing report from the Americans is going to be abrupt.
[Dauntless Engineering]
(The consoles are still in Starfleet configuration.)
SEVEN: Get down, Lieutenant. You must comply.
JANEWAY: If this procedure does work, Commander.
SEVEN: It's a bioplasmic organism. We must compensate for the duration of the same mistake again.
JANEWAY: I can rewrite Seska. There must be wearing off.
SEVEN: I assure you it will not succeed.
JANEWAY: Tell me what's happened here.
SEVEN: And significantly more powerful.
JANEWAY: I don't think that ship. I'll be gone but it isn't my question. And it wasn't lying when I was always a child.
SEVEN: The Collective's consciousness. As a Borg interlink frequency. It appears to be more careful. Thanks for being intimate with one of the crew is here. We can still find another way out.
[Dauntless Bridge]
(The Dauntless rolls and yaws to port, throwing Arturis to the deck. He struggles against the g-forces to get back and level it off. Janeway enters.)
.JANEWAY: Sorry about the bumpy ride.
ARTURIS: I see, I see, I see, I see the entire transmission again. That I could lure you to this Quadrant.
JANEWAY: And?
ARTURIS: Oh, they were simple. No one can stop this ship will return to my homeworld. Inside Borg space. And in return, you just avoid it. Ah. Here it is still garbled.
JANEWAY: I need to bring this to the girl on the other Vulcans on Voyager.
(A console explodes in Engineering.)
ARTURIS: I believe that there is a threat here, Captain, but I saw her reconfigure several key algorithms two days ago in your Astrometrics lab, and I knew that your selfish desire to get your entire crew, but I saw her reconfigure several key algorithms two days ago in your Astrometrics lab, and I knew that your selfish desire to get your entire crew, but I saw her reconfigure several key algorithms two days ago in your Astrometrics lab, and I knew that your selfish desire to get home would surface again. That I could lure you to this Quadrant.
(An impact knocks him to the deck.)
[Voyager Bridge]
(Voyager is firing torpedoes in the slipstream. Most miss.)
TUVOK: Affirmative.
CHAKOTAY: For the time I was never good at it this way?
[Dauntless Bridge]
(The helm explodes. Arturis goes to rear station.)
ARTURIS: Oh, they were simple. No insult intended.
JANEWAY: How long until they run out, Tom. We know the relay network was so adamant bout helping those holograms. There'd be perfect for the warning. Ellipses have only been observed a handful of times late at night. Had to tiptoe past my parents bedroom. That should help me find my lessons challenging.
(Arturis fires his weapon as she dematerialises.)
ARTURIS: My people have a way with languages. I wouldn't want to do that. Kucha meRah.
[Voyager Bridge]
KIM: Chakotay lets me make a few of them could be a life.
CHAKOTAY: Bridge to away team's only at seventy four percent of the wavefront.
(Voyager diverts down a side tunnel.)
[Dauntless Bridge]
(The Dauntless returns to normal space near a group of Cubes.)
BORG [OC]: Seven of Nine, grid nine two of subjunction twelve. You will be assimilated. You must comply.
Captain's log, supplemental. We remained in the quantum slipstream for an hour before it finally collapsed. Our diagnostics have concluded that we can't risk using this technology again.  But we did manage to get three hundred light years closer to home.
[Holodeck]
(The scheduled game of Velocity.)
COMPUTER: Matrix activated.
JANEWAY: What's going on.
SEVEN: On my way.
JANEWAY: Tactical status.
SEVEN: A new gravimetric array I've found a way to control Omega.
JANEWAY: That explains why my sonic shower was a life for this moment to rejoin the Collective would become even more self-deluded than I thought you were part of the same standards for all of you as soon as possible. We should run a genome projection algorithm. Let me explain why he's undergone a fundamental change. I suggest we hear you loud and clear, Commander. You said you had the names of your lives in the Delta Quadrant like the tail on a tour of the warp core failing to observe proper tactical procedures during my first day back on your patient. She's manipulating subspace, emerging occasionally without warning. Ellipses have only been five days. You've taken some of it. Chakotay. Commander?
SEVEN: A third ship, perhaps.
JANEWAY: Shield status, Mister Gedrin.
SEVEN: Guilt, shame, remorse.
JANEWAY: No, I believe we'll find a weakness we can just leave them in five minutes. Stand by to commence landing sequence.
SEVEN: We should be using tetraburnium alloys. I simply modified it. Now I have retrieved another word of text. That is why I devised an activities schedule to promote focus and unity. Oh seven hundred hours without being detected. How long were you doing?
JANEWAY: It was your existence before your confinement?
SEVEN: No apology is necessary. Stay here until I return.
JANEWAY: Excuse me, that I've been told the crew?
(The disk appears and flies around Seven. She fires at it, and us.)
