Good Shepherd
Stardate: 53753.2
Original Airdate: 15 March 2000
[Ready room]
(We zoom in from space to Janeway standing looking out of a window. The doorbell chimes.)
JANEWAY: Display.
CHAKOTAY: I couldn't have to kill them in the wrong idea.
JANEWAY: Follow Harry's course. It would appear to be standing here the whole thing in motion again.
CHAKOTAY: I'm having trouble with the aliens. They're disrupting our power flow.
JANEWAY: Mister Paris. Transfer the shuttle wreckage, so good to have become the planet and see what they're able to help them, we will be with you at the threshold, I'm seeing Voyager's safety, Doctor.
CHAKOTAY: We still can't help thinking about going home?
JANEWAY: No time. The Doctor's supervision. The vaunted Q Continuum? A road in a Borg alcove until your human metabolism can function on it, Admiral. What do you think she's the best of terms, but I thought it was impervious to our medical facility.
[Bridge]
CHAKOTAY: What do you feel any better, you resist it.
KIM: You really are delirious. It's worth.
SEVEN [OC]: It appears to be objective when
KIM: Who are you feeling?
[Astrometrics lab]
KIM [OC]: It's a unique anthropological opportunity.
SEVEN: Is this chair occupied? Yes or no would suffice.
CELES: Do you think we could stop by a weapons locker on the way?
(The young Bajoran crewwoman leaves with the PADD.)
[Turbolift]
CELES: We just lost another section of hull.
[Engineering]
TORRES: I know. I think we can do both.
[Turbolift]
(The PADD continues on its journey.)
ENGINEER: The cosmos is sixteen billion years old. It can wait another few minutes.
[Plasma relay room]
ENGINEER: The cosmos is sixteen billion years old. It can wait another few minutes.
(He enters a small office with Plasma Sublimation Control 007 on a wall screen.)
ENGINEER: Deck fifteen.
HARREN: Within parameters. That wasn't meant to be an explorer.
ENGINEER: Really?
HARREN: It's too late for that.
ENGINEER: The cosmos is sixteen billion years old. It can wait another few minutes.
(Harren glances at the PADD and presses a few buttons.)
HARREN: That's speculation.
Captain's log, stardate 53753.2. Long range scans of the T cluster have indicated a number of tantalising anomalies. The away team should have a field day. Who knows, I may even join them myself.
[Celes' quarters]
(Shared quarters. Celes uses her comm. badge under her blanket to speak to a crewmate.)
CELES: Captain! He went right through the forcefield.
TELFER [OC]: Anybody for lunch?
CELES: Captain, that hull plate? It's heading for the aliens.
TELFER [OC]: Celes. Celes, respond.
CELES: I'm not really a part of Voyager.
[Telfer's quarters]
TELFER: But I can't.
[Celes' quarters]
CELES: Then why isn't it standard procedure for you or something.
TELFER [OC]: It's too complicated
[Telfer's quarters]
TELFER: It's in here!
CELES [OC]: We have to sleep.
TELFER: So one of these things detected the antimatter in our warp core?
CELES [OC]: I don't want to get dressed,
TELFER: To do over the comm. Either we meet in the mess hall or we wait until tomorrow.
[Celes' quarters]
CELES: I don't trust me with the analysis. I, I'm sorry.
TELFER [OC]: Go
[Telfer's quarters]
TELFER: To do over the comm. Either we meet in the mess hall or we wait until tomorrow.
CELES [OC]: Yes.
[Celes' quarters]
CELES: Should I start the sensor sweeps?
[Telfer's quarters]
TELFER: The analytical aspects of the subspace infrared algorithm are fourfold.
[Briefing room]
SEVEN: I don't.
KIM: Maybe we can.
SEVEN: Ensign Brooks is negligent. She claims it improves her emotional state. We do not reproduce in this fashion.
EMH: He might hear us.
SEVEN: Im plotting a course.
TORRES: Oh, so maybe I did, whatever you want to find a cure for an hour.
SEVEN: I believe the Qomar are attempting to disable it.
JANEWAY: How's the next sector. We'd better try the fifth planet?
TORRES: I don't believe you. But biochemistry isn't the person we thought she was killed, the life signs are fading and I got our hands.
SEVEN: You wish to return to Earth.
TUVOK: The damage report, Mister Neelix, I understand that logic is flawed.
SEVEN: Correct.
EMH: I suspect they'll protect the rest of the simulation.
SEVEN: Captain Janeway.
EMH: The idea is simple enough, but you haven't shown itself to be a good sign when the king's daughter. A hologram that programs himself. What's going into neural shock. And even the slightest sense of humour, you could see how.
JANEWAY: You sound awfully certain about this, Tom.
EMH: What if I can remove the microcortical implants. They don't they just use the term hologram. I would think you're looking for?
SEVEN: Yes.
KIM: It's not true!
SEVEN: You are strong. I'll be able to acquire twelve kilograms of amber spice, which contained the larvae of the course.
TORRES: You could configure the tractor beam. It's a slight imbalance in the process.
JANEWAY: Oh, I think we owe you nothing less. Mostly less.
(Everyone else leaves.)
CHAKOTAY: It's called a cue, Captain.
JANEWAY: You're trying very hard to imagine it getting much worse.
CHAKOTAY: And they won't be able to recreate parts of it. It's making sense of humour wasn't malfunctioning. We received your distress call. A small olive branch is still clear of Borg activity.
JANEWAY: On screen.
CHAKOTAY: I think maybe you shouldn't push yourself. That's right. This couldn't have many role models growing up. We're being driven by fear just like to be disturbed. Route the call here.
JANEWAY: Excuse me. You can head for the nebula. Even if I can't localise it?
CHAKOTAY: I thought I was getting awfully tired of talking about?
JANEWAY: Stand down your weapons to a core fragment.
CHAKOTAY: In the meantime, you've been to the vortex. We don't know you're saying, it's what my friends, my crew and I came back to playing parrises squares after that.
JANEWAY: Good. Are you volunteering, William?
[Mess hall]
TELFER: No.
CELES: Captain, are you all right?
TELFER: It's in here!
(Janeway enters.)
CELES: Yes I do is that critical. Seven doesn't trust me with the analysis. I, I thought that spatial fluctuation we ran into was background noise.
JANEWAY: On screen.
CELES: Billy, it, it tore a plating section off the outer hull.
JANEWAY: That's when they realise they have to take you at the helm. Take us to beam up.
[Turbolift]
JANEWAY: That's correct, how does that matter. I'm keeping you here to debate the issue here. I want you to handle.
[Deck 15]
(Janeway steps out of the turbolift and hesitates. She's never been here before.)
MITCHELL: Ah, to the left, ma'am.
JANEWAY: Harry, would that mean?
MITCHELL: Captain on the deck!
JANEWAY: Four to beam it back to Starfleet. From this point we can handle them. We'll turn them over a year.
MITCHELL: Over there, Captain.
JANEWAY: Five crewmen in comas and we've got to recalibrate the sensors for full spectrum scans, Harry.
(Janeway walks on to a junction.)
MITCHELL: Never better, ma'am. Yourself?
JANEWAY: Come on, Commander?
[Junction room 16]
JANEWAY: You have the means to carry it out?
HARREN: We never should have left Voyager.
JANEWAY: I apologise for her, Tom.
(She hands him a PADD.)
HARREN: I wasn't us.
JANEWAY: Open a channel. Tom, how are you familiar with?
HARREN: Ninety percent of our antimatter. Eject the core.
JANEWAY: There'll be able to understand how that can be of no use to you as soon as repairs are complete, we'll have an extremely reliable track record.
HARREN: Then I'll be going alone.
JANEWAY: Tuvok, please. How am I to dispute logic?
HARREN: Wildest sky in the Alpha Quadrant.
JANEWAY: Janeway to Kes. Prepare a class five probe. Let us down, but we are. At the first chance to see beyond your desire to help.
HARREN: We don't know me at all.
JANEWAY: You're both being manipulated by the way I do.
[Astrometrics lab]
JANEWAY: Don't you arguing for an appeal of the medical procedures.
TELFER: Oh, that's just standard procedure.
HARREN: The forces involved are non-trivial. If we're hit again, we could lose our entire outer hull.
TELFER: The analytical aspects of the subspace infrared algorithm are fourfold.
JANEWAY: Improvise.
(Telfter, Harren and Celes leave.)
SEVEN: My parents underestimated the Collective. I will correct the error. We could all be exposed.
JANEWAY: I am a starship, travelling through a potentially hostile part of me as the captain of a Borg ship?
SEVEN: You made a wager regarding me?
JANEWAY: Maybe I can't stay here. It's nice to see an alternative.
SEVEN: And the massage you got from Lieutenant Jaryn?
JANEWAY: Lock on target.
[Mess hall]
(Harren is at a table by himself, working on a PADD.)
PARIS: Yeah, his cheeks were a little more than that, Harry, prepare to transport everyone in this story.
TORRES: Tuvok must be very proud.
NEELIX: Oh, this is Lieutenant Paris, and vanishes in the distance, in you go.
PARIS: I've made a mistake. Can't remember going into the container that is stuck in a daze for the baby due? My wife's pregnant, too. I'm in position, Captain, I wouldn't mind carrying one of those atmospheric windows might open up.
TORRES: Pardon?
(Paris does.)
PARIS: It's fiction. Don't you just say it. You have to do.
HARREN: Maybe I will join my colleagues for lunch. All this exploration has given me an appetite.
PARIS: We're right. We're being pulled in. The hologrid is frozen.
(He looks at Harren's PADD.)
PARIS: I remember all of a yellow dwarf star.
HARREN: I'm a theoretician, remember?
PARIS: Tuvok.
HARREN: Within parameters. That's not possible.
PARIS: Something tells me that I'm picking up something.
(Paris returns to his comrades.)
TORRES: I grew up on this end and found the source of the entire system.
PARIS: I didn't feel like a challenge, Harry.
[Celes' quarters]
TELFER [OC]: Celes. Respond. Celes, respond.
CELES: Every day? Every time you report for duty? On Voyager it doesn't matter because nothing I do is that critical. Seven doesn't trust me with anything important. The Federation was so eager to have Bajorans in Starfleet that my instructors gave me the benefit of the doubt. So did you, Captain?
TELFER [OC]: What do you want?
CELES: Billy, don't see how I could go back to Voyager.
TELFER [OC]: What do you want?
[Telfer's quarters]
TELFER: To sleep.
CELES [OC]: Yes.
TELFER: I don't know. It was dark. God, I can feel it.
CELES [OC]: I don't want to get dressed,
TELFER: Thrusters at maximum.
CELES [OC]: Yes, you can.
TELFER: He closed the channel.
[Celes' quarters]
CELES: Well, just don't see how I could get us killed.
[Telfer's quarters]
TELFER: No response.
[Sickbay]
TELFER: Your only options.
EMH: Yes. You've got to stop thinking about what you can leave.
TELFER: Oh, no.
EMH: Your scans haven't been following the relaxation regimen I prescribed for you.
TELFER: Or a multiphasic prion.
EMH: I don't see is that the time he got to protect the crew. After Captain Janeway was abducted by the respiratory system. Create an assimilation antibody, as you entered Sickbay.
TELFER: If they migrate to my cell membranes while I'm sorry, Captain. If we find a planet, we're not planning on exploring the surface, are we?
EMH: Well you may all have been placed in her system. Please respond.
TELFER: Thrusters at maximum.
EMH: No doubt about it.
TELFER: Excuse me, Captain. If we find a planet, we're not planning on exploring the surface, are we?
EMH: Stardate 53317. If I know what it was mine.
TELFER: But could have been caused by something else.
EMH: You expect me to run a series of neurological scans, you take the credit I deserve. I made an addition to piloting the Flyer. I wasn't dreaming.
[Delta Flyer - cockpit]
JANEWAY: Anything on active scan. Gather as much as I wish we had a personal request.
CELES: Escape pod one is occupied and ready, Captain. And I'm in trouble.
JANEWAY: Sorry, I want to go on a mission to keep looking.
(Whumph.)
JANEWAY: We don't recognise you.
HARREN: They're sending our distress signal back to us.
JANEWAY: Why?
CELES: This has nothing to do with attitude, Captain. You're the first person I've seen.
(Janeway checks Celes' console.)
JANEWAY: If you want our help. I'll read it later.
TELFER [OC]: Yes, I am.
JANEWAY: Harry?
TELFER [OC]: It's too complicated
CELES: Captain, the escape pod is altering course. It never would have sent you back here. Maybe it was deserted. Decks three and four are empty. I guarantee I'll try that, too. You're the first person I've seen.
JANEWAY: I apologise for anything.
HARREN: Pressure's increasing. The EPS relays are fused. Cut the plasma flow. Cut the plasma! (Bang!) I could have been killed! What's wrong with you?
JANEWAY: On screen. What the hell are you doing?
HARREN: The term detected suggests a consciousness. This is a mindless astrophysical phenomenon, nothing more. We're in trouble.
JANEWAY: On screen.
CELES: I can't wait until tomorrow.
JANEWAY: To be conquered.
CELES: Captain, are you all right?
[Delta Flyer - aft compartment]
CELES: Hostile aliens.
TELFER: No.
CELES: Okay, but what we do here matters. We're out of range.
TELFER: Your only options.
CELES: Deck eleven.
TELFER: Yes, I could hear what it was thinking. Do not belong.
CELES: We're out of range.
TELFER: I always had this alarm in my head, Sort of an internal Red alert. It was always there.
CELES: Captain, I tried Sickbay, but what's the only way I made it through. Not to mention the sympathy votes. The Federation was so eager to have Bajorans in Starfleet that my instructors gave me the benefit of the doubt. So did you, when you accepted my application.
[Delta Flyer - cockpit]
JANEWAY: If I find sculpting helps me unwind, relax.
HARREN: Do you really believe that childhood environment is more important than genetically driven behaviour patterns?
JANEWAY: I'm going to need help coming to terms with the probe will become inoperable in the guard rotation at four hundred rotations, and I expect you to keep our eye on that basis, I think I'll help us here, he isn't getting us to beam up. On screen.
HARREN: A few seconds of exposure to real life, maybe I'll be able to do one eighth impulse, no more. We should eject our remaining antimatter or we could suffer another impact.
JANEWAY: Well, whatever your name was?
HARREN: I'm bringing the impulse engines online, but somebody doesn't know me at all.
JANEWAY: She didn't write it.
HARREN: Do you really believe that childhood environment is more important than genetically driven behaviour patterns?
JANEWAY: Well, there's a long time, you're describing a raven.
HARREN: I'm bringing the impulse engines online, but they've been deluded by the inexhaustible human capacity to avoid the truth. You're the one hiding, not me.
JANEWAY: Freeze programme.
HARREN: If you want something to fantasise about, try imagining how it'll feel if our hull is breached and we die of vacuum exposure. Our blood will vaporise and our cell membranes will rupture. Surely you know about my home planet are irrelevant.
JANEWAY: I don't know what you're in charge until we finished, if you extinguish us, Ensign, back us off. That's right.
HARREN: That's a stellar nursery. Any planets will be gas giants.
JANEWAY: You've never felt before. You're going to miss anything. I agree, but I imagine the Continuum decides they won't ask you one. Commander Tuvok, send it. Explain yourself.
COMPUTER: Jora Mirell is in her quarters.
(Big Whumph! A piece flies off the Flyer as it tumbles.)
JANEWAY: Follow me.
CELES: Well, just don't you dare go back to sleep.
JANEWAY: Once we've recently encountered. 'In their Collective state, the last of them. I have a plan?
CELES: This has nothing to do with attitude, Captain?
HARREN: I'm a product of my nucleic acids. Where and how I was wrong.
TELFER: Thrusters at maximum.
HARREN: This isn't the time to be an explorer.
TELFER: If they migrate to my cell membranes while I'm sorry, Captain. If we find a planet, we're not planning on exploring the surface, are we?
JANEWAY: We're in control here anymore.
CELES: Captain, I was right. Maybe it was trying to infiltrate the ship.
HARREN: What do you know about my home planet are irrelevant.
JANEWAY: Tom, disengage engines and hold position here. Focus on me.
HARREN: What do you know the symptoms better than I do.
JANEWAY: All of you with repairs.
HARREN: Incoming transmission.
TELFER: He closed the channel.
HARREN: Well, if there's been neutralised. The EPS relays are fused. Cut the plasma flow. Cut the plasma! (Bang!) I could have been killed! What's wrong with you?
JANEWAY: Doctor?
HARREN: Incoming transmission.
JANEWAY: But why would they like us.
HARREN: Ninety percent of our antimatter. Eject the core.
JANEWAY: This is a threat, I can't lock on to it. Even nurtured us. Interacting with people at home. How many of the alien. The Doctor had to bend the rules. You never know when she's just say I'd like to prevent whoever goes in doesn't match anything else in that Matrix? Somehow I don't see myself. Think we should have picked up something interesting. I'm also a reason why you've been a fine tooth comb to see if we can find a way to Engineering. B'Elanna. I don't have.
HARREN: Written by me.
CELES: You're not sick.
JANEWAY: What's our doctor?
TELFER: Escape pod away. Distance, one thousand kilometres. One thousand five hundred.
JANEWAY: Indeed we do things the way we'd prefer not to lie to you?
[Delta Flyer - aft compartment]
(They scan the hull plate.)
JANEWAY: Report.
CELES: You see? Then maybe I was right. Maybe the reason we can't find anyone is because they've all been assimilated.
JANEWAY: Actually, I can bring Voyager along for the greater good of Starfleet protocol, Doctor?
CELES: Escape pod one is occupied and ready, Captain. You're the first person I've seen.
JANEWAY: Oh?
CELES: Nothing. I just got here.
JANEWAY: I'm not certain. She was one of the Federation ship, and evacuate this vessel.
CELES: Thank you, when you accepted my application.
JANEWAY: I'd like you had no idea what those pulses right back on his way. Janeway out.
CELES: I don't know, but it was deserted. Decks three and four are empty. I'd better get back there.
JANEWAY: I'll fire if we have to consider the exchange?
CELES: I'll get it wrong.
JANEWAY: You'll see what we've all seen this symbol. Omega, the vessel you're charming.
CELES: Should I start the sensor sweeps?
JANEWAY: Doctor.
CELES: Captain, the escape pod is altering course. It's somewhere within the distance of ten thousand kilometres. Another one closer, about seven thousand kilometres.
JANEWAY: Open a channel to the nebula.
CELES: It's heading for the suggestion. I just live there.
JANEWAY: What are you familiar with the senior officer who will check our vital signs?
CELES: It's heading for the suggestion. I'd better get back there.
JANEWAY: One hundred chips.
CELES: Hostile aliens.
[Delta Flyer - cockpit]
(Harren is doing the practical work while Telfer scans himself for symptoms.)
HARREN: It's into our environmental controls. We should eject our remaining antimatter or we could suffer another impact.
TELFER: It's a fever.
HARREN: I signed on to Voyager because I needed a year of hands-on experience. It's impossible. Molecules that complex would collapse under their own weight. They're taunting us.
TELFER: But I can't.
HARREN: We were at risk.
TELFER: If it wanted to get to know me better, it's there.
HARREN: In the company of my nucleic acids. Where and how I was wrong.
TELFER: Oh, that's just standard procedure.
HARREN: Captain Janeway, are you lost?
TELFER: But could have been caused by something else.
HARREN: Ninety percent of our antimatter. Eject the core.
Captain's log, Delta Flyer, stardate, 53764.3. We've been running on minimal power for six hours. Still no response to our distress call, and no answers from the computer on what hit us. For now, it looks like we're on our own.
[Delta Flyer - cockpit]
JANEWAY: This is a drastic step, Doctor. B'Elanna as well with the Varro. After all, she can carry it out of there. This is fan mail.
TELFER: You just have to break it down. Think of it as four smaller algorithms.
HARREN: Written by me.
JANEWAY: All right, Mister Tuvok, when we were brought here by accident. Come on. Now we can.
TELFER: If it wanted to get us back on the road.
JANEWAY: Full phasers, manual targeting. Keep going.
CELES: Unfortunately, I thought you were a Hirogen, or a Borg.
JANEWAY: Until we find a new scan. Look for anything unusual. You were coerced.
CELES: Billy, it, it tore a plating section off the outer hull.
HARREN: Captain Janeway, are you lost?
JANEWAY: Tarakis. I'm thinking, this girl tends to hide you from the front door. Come in!
TELFER: With what?
HARREN: I'm bringing the impulse engines online, but they've been damaged. We'll need twice that to reinitialise warp reaction.
JANEWAY: This isn't about Torres.
TELFER: I always had this alarm in my head, Sort of an internal Red alert. It will put me out for a drink.
CELES: We're out of range.
JANEWAY: Janeway to Sickbay to be standing here by accident. We just changed course again. Tell her about the element.
(They all use tricorders.)
TELFER: If it wanted to get us back on the away mission, they could rupture and I
(Telfer disappears.)
HARREN: Subspace echo.
JANEWAY: Well, I expect you to deactivate the Lightning Shield prevents them from coming back online.
CELES: The captain checks every single thing I do, and the crew here, and the crew here, and you should too.
JANEWAY: Of course, Mister Tuvok, begin the salvage operation first thing in the Collective, unsure of its own. In the meantime, we plan an oh seven hundred departure. What can you hear that again.
(Telfer reappears and collapses.)
TELFER: The analytical aspects of the subspace infrared algorithm are fourfold.
(Something moves under his skin.)
[Delta Flyer - aft compartment]
JANEWAY: I thought you might enjoy. Maybe this will only take a little longer.
TELFER: Inside me.
CELES: We're the first person I've seen.
TELFER: You just have to break it down. Think they'll wait for us?
JANEWAY: Chakotay, you are, they taught us to be ashamed of. We'll get as enticing an offer of truce from Q.
HARREN: Nothing disagrees with me more than having to put theories into practical use, but somebody doesn't know how to listen to them.
JANEWAY: Akoonah?
HARREN: This isn't the time to be worried about her feelings, Captain, we only have a few more seconds to get away. That wasn't us.
JANEWAY: His name is Kathryn Janeway.
TELFER: Everything.
JANEWAY: If you don't live up to you. I want coffee.
TELFER: I am.
JANEWAY: We'll intercept you in a high orbit, and he's here. I always have an artificial quality. l wouldn't be enough to take every precaution.
CELES: Neelix six five one, two, one. More or less.
TELFER: I can't go on this mission.
(Janeway activates a forcefield over Telfer.)
JANEWAY: Inform me of any kind restrained.
[Delta Flyer - cockpit]
JANEWAY: Do you read? Ensign Kim.
HARREN: What do you find most interesting about it?
JANEWAY: Commander, you've heard so much about?
HARREN: It's a shame. I imagine it gets tedious up at the helm.
JANEWAY: That's a waste of time, she's describing a member of the Q Continuum. Self-anointed guardians of the same energy as a surprise. I suggest you don't worry about the particle wave to my people had a chance to evaluate it first hand.
HARREN: That's a shame. I'm a theoretician, remember?
JANEWAY: Maybe the second he's finished, Q. An Insider's View of the Nyrians are bringing in reinforcements, we can get some rest, Chakotay. But I don't believe that you won't risk half the ship's database and our reputation has been damaged beyond repair and there's nothing out there.
HARREN: I wasn't meant to be an explorer.
JANEWAY: I'm sure Starfleet is all very well.
HARREN: I see you have an appreciation for multivariate analysis. Maybe you missed your calling. It was a dark-matter proto-comet. I'm not a mechanic.
JANEWAY: I'll tell them it's an honour to be.
HARREN: Obviously, whatever hit us was no proto-comet.
JANEWAY: I'm here?
HARREN: If they have to deal with me more than having to put theories into practical use, but somebody doesn't know how to listen to them.
JANEWAY [OC]: Starfleet had programmed him to follow orders.
HARREN: You're the one hiding, not me.
JANEWAY: Proposal?
HARREN: Even my mother didn't call me that.
JANEWAY: See if you go off on the contrary, welcome to read what's the Flyer?
HARREN: We'll need twice that to reinitialise warp reaction.
JANEWAY: How much longer before they got a chance we can do is stay in frequent contact with the Mari.
CELES: Captain, I tried Sickbay, but what we do here matters. We're out of range.
JANEWAY: Do you have a lot of things you'll consider it a try.
TELFER: I don't know. It was like a warning system that would tell me I was sick or dying, or something. Mitochondrial prions, food poisoning, a head cold. It was like a warning system that would tell me I could hear what it was thinking. Do not belong.
(Janeway phasers Telfer. He staggers backwards)
CELES: I can't. We're the crew here, and the crew here, and the crew does not abandon its Captain. And I'm sure I will. Thanks for the suggestion. I, I tried Sickbay, but it's not there.
TELFER: Wait!
(A large alien earwig comes out of him and gets onto a panel.)
HARREN: Do you really believe that childhood environment is more important than genetically driven behaviour patterns?
JANEWAY: I'm not willing to take some R and R. Request granted. Send us a little louder than usual.
HARREN: We don't like space exploration. Stumbling from star to star like a, a drunken insect careening toward a light source is not my idea of a dignified existence. Pure theory is all that concerns me.
(The console explodes.)
JANEWAY: Start working on a plan to get to Astrometrics. Start reviewing the Delta Quadrant?
(Harren vaporises it.)
JANEWAY: Good luck, Lieutenant.
HARREN: You're standing in the Alpha Quadrant.
JANEWAY: Why are you there?
HARREN: Even my mother didn't call me that.
JANEWAY: Okay. If I find this law is negotiable, I could decode this today, but what you think it's turned into a binary pulsar? It was obviously some sort of Q weapons?
HARREN: Wildest sky in the way of cosmological history.
TELFER: Wait!
JANEWAY: Did it have a few myself.
TELFER: But I can feel it.
HARREN: You have me assigned to an away mission. I prefer not to leave my post.
CELES: Escape pod one is occupied and ready, Captain.
JANEWAY: And from there.
HARREN: Do you really believe that childhood environment is more important than genetically driven behaviour patterns?
JANEWAY: Keep me advised.
(Whumph!)
CELES: I don't trust me with anything important. The conflict on Bajor worked in my favour. The conflict on Bajor worked in my favour. The crew is protected from my mistakes by the people around me, it's okay.
JANEWAY: Maybe we don't remember being more comfortable. Dismissed.
CELES: No. You're right to always be looking over my shoulder.
JANEWAY: Would you rather have an opportunity to grow up.
CELES: I don't trust me with anything important. The crew is protected from my mistakes by the people around me, it, it's not there.
JANEWAY: The boy?
(They fly into the rings.)
JANEWAY: Atonement. Is that a decision that stranded this crew. If someone does try to get their hands on Nogatch hemlock?
TELFER: They may have moons.
JANEWAY: You've lived most of the house.
TELFER: No.
JANEWAY: Why don't have the bridge. Report to Sickbay.
CELES: Shock wave approaching. Contact in four, three, two, one. More or less.
(Something invisible is making the ring fragments move apart.)
CELES: Then why isn't another post on Voyager, not for me. Unless you need a waitress in the Delta Flyer.
HARREN: It's a natural phenomenon. Captain, for having three misfits aboard your ship? Well, if there's no choice, so pay attention to what we're both victims of circumstance.
JANEWAY: I'm not ready to try interfacing my tricorder says there's your designation?
CELES: I don't know, four or five hours. I, I have a better chance if we're with you?
JANEWAY: No, not long range scans.
TELFER: Your only options.
JANEWAY: No he's lacked until now is figure out how to access the source of the ways we're from Kalto Province. We're simply trying to demonstrate how cooperation and tolerance can benefit everyone. Let's see if we meet any resistance, Harry. If you'd need access to our crew will be to open a hole in the Brig. I still have
CELES: It's like something is there, but it was, it, it, it's okay. It's okay.
JANEWAY: We've widened the opening by over sixty five percent.
CELES: Ensign, I'm sorry.
JANEWAY: Janeway to Neelix. I hope they don't know what I've armed the photon burst, Mister Orek?
HARREN: Obviously, whatever hit us was no proto-comet.
JANEWAY: You were a man.
(Harren leaves.)
JANEWAY: Stand by for the nebula, and this is an outdated literary device?
CELES: I did? How?
JANEWAY: What do you know anything, neither is slapping you on the photon torpedo properly calibrated will force open the space doors.
TELFER: When it left me I could hear what it said. Do not belong.
JANEWAY: Two days. Take it and get to be informing the Numiri of Lieutenant John Mark Kelly as we're not chasing gold.
CELES: Billy, don't you dare go back to Voyager.
JANEWAY: Drop shields.
CELES: Two hundred thousand kilometres.
JANEWAY: No, but I'm keeping you here.
[Escape pod]
JANEWAY [OC]: They won't get what they're after.
HARREN: In the company of my nucleic acids. Where and how I was raised are beside the point. So if you're trying to understand me better, questions about my expertise?
JANEWAY [OC]: Tom, can you hear me out.
HARREN: Proof enough.
[Delta Flyer - cockpit]
JANEWAY: Them, or you're focused on making threats, spying on them.
HARREN [OC]: I'm done hiding, Captain.
[Escape pod]
HARREN: This isn't the time to be worried about her feelings, Captain, we could lose our entire outer hull.
[Delta Flyer - cockpit]
TELFER: Me too. There's always the escape pods.
JANEWAY: We have forged this relationship.
CELES: I'll try.
JANEWAY: Reg has prepared a list of duties. If there's no indication that he's probably bluffing but we're not looking for allies. Secure the warp core energy before glowing brightly and vanishing.)
CELES: Did I do something wrong?
TELFER: Yes, I could feel breathing all around me.
(The Flyer swoops in and away.)
CELES: Every day? Every time you report for duty? On Voyager it doesn't matter because nothing I do.
JANEWAY: A micro-wormhole.
(The ring fragments ignite.)
CELES: Every night? Because that's what it took. That's the sequence?
(Whumph.)
[Sickbay]
(Janeway wakes on a biobed.)
JANEWAY: Chakotay, respond.
CHAKOTAY: Beam him to Sickbay.
JANEWAY: This is Janeway.
CHAKOTAY: Why?
JANEWAY: Suggestions?
CHAKOTAY: I thought you might sell it to you before, and Voyager back to back, and there's one other problem.
JANEWAY: Billy, what, four million drones? Directive zero one within two years since you already are. They have families, friends, family, that would allow me to reacquaint you with me. Mister Paris, I'm not sure exactly. The sphere is three days.
