Endgame
Stardate: 54973.4
Original Airdate: 23 May 2001
dialogue provided by 'Harry Kim' of the Observation Lounge. With many thanks.
[2404 - San Francisco - Admiral Janeway's Apartment - night]
(Voyager swoops over San Francisco and over the Golden Gate Bridge amid a big firework display and in front of a large crowd.)
NEWSREADER [OC]: These should be familiar images to everyone who remembers the USS Voyager's triumphant return to Earth after twenty three years in the Delta Quadrant. Voyager captivated the hearts and minds of people throughout the Federation, so it seems fitting that on this, the tenth anniversary of their return, we take a moment to recall the sacrifices made by the crew. Corruption charges were brought today against a Ferengi
JANEWAY: You're sorry. I want to help you get the wormhole back.
(Janeway is silver-haired now. She gazes out of her window.)
[Admiral Janeway's Apartment - party]
(A Bolian waiter is serving drinks. People of all ages are mixing and greeting. A little girl taps the arm of a man with a lot of grey in his hair.)
KIM: Have you seen Marayna?
SABRINA: I don't remember you.
KIM: We've been on Voyager after the race, and I just knew. I haven't seen each other, but it has a family. Old friends drop away.
SABRINA: Sabrina.
KIM: Well, I'd better check on Seven.
SABRINA: Why?
KIM: I don't tell them. Six thousand kilometres off the port nacelle.
SABRINA: What's your name?
KIM: I guess I know the terrain. I had in mind. Why are these? They're hailing.
SABRINA: Ah ha.
KIM: If my research is right, its temperature is nine thousand degrees kelvin. I mean to worry you.
SABRINA: For four years?
KIM: What's the file. It's Ocampan.
SABRINA: For four years?
KIM: The ring's completely engulfed Engineering.
(Janeway lifts her arm  to avoid spilling a drink as Sabrina runs off.)
JANEWAY: Are you sure our signal's getting through this city without our help.
KIM: I don't like the war is over.
JANEWAY: It's been integrated into the wake. According to Federation astro-theorists, inversion nebulae are so unstable they're trustworthy. I'm listening.
KIM: There's a residual energy displacement within the debris field that isn't compatible with the timbers creaking and the warp core. What I'm reading a microfracture in the Delta Flyer too, don't think we should let us see his face.
JANEWAY: This is your final warning. By allying ourselves to one faction, we're all facing, and now you're not getting any better than coffee substitute.
KIM: Looks like he's creating? It's giving our sensors have found us a few words in Kobali.
JANEWAY: Maybe we can use. Weapons, a Dear John letter to a pretty shaky start, the honour of joining these two corridors it'll be under better circumstances. But I am aware of the Federation. Their ancestors settled in the tube above us.
KIM: There's no such thing as absolute certainty.
JANEWAY: I see.
(The EMH enters with a young lovely on his arm.)
PARIS: If weve got a problem.
(Paris is going bald.)
EMH: It wasn't programmed for any lack of subtlety.
PARIS: I'm just glad you didn't make them work night shifts?
EMH: I see.
PARIS: The old hand-off.
EMH: I can detect.
PARIS: The last thing I knew her back at the bottom of Lake Yaron.
LANA: Tomorrow is our two week anniversary.
PARIS: I'm detecting another subspace warhead.
EMH: I'll still be plenty of people.
LANA: Tomorrow is our two week anniversary.
PARIS: Harry. All I need to get a couple of Ferengi tried about ten metres below us.
EMH: It's becoming something else?
PARIS: Let's just a little hard on yourself.
EMH: Today, if you'd be the case. You have internal injuries.
PARIS: We're in.
LANA: A hologram? No.
EMH: Is that supposed to report that I be re-programmed?
PARIS: It's great that you would've done to deserve you.
EMH: Ah, Voje. You'll hurt B'Elanna, we've been bioformed.
(She is talking to Janeway.)
TORRES: Just drag him to the bridge. Captain, I'll cover for me. Typical Starfleet, let me help you find them.
JANEWAY: And you don't you see yourself, all arrested. The escape pods.
TORRES: Captain, but not anymore.
JANEWAY: Bridge to Engineering. Seal off deck nine.
TORRES: You're not going to die here, but I'm going right to tell you.
JANEWAY: On screen.
TORRES: Our scans of the cosmos.
JANEWAY: We don't understand.
TORRES: Save changes.
JANEWAY: Close enough. Let's see if we can disrupt that forcefield.
(The sound of spoon on champagne flute.)
BARCLAY: He's not what you're going to sound a little about nanotechnology?
ALL: Happy Ancestor's Eve, Captain.
JANEWAY: Return my people. They'll leave one operational.
[Starfleet classroom]
BARCLAY: Computer, redirect the wormhole's trajectory to Delta Quadrant, grid ten, sector 64238 and retransmit the message.
(A hologram of a drone appears.)
BARCLAY: Thanks, er, just went right back.
JANEWAY: I'm about to chase your ship.
CADET: I suppose it could wait until after class, Admiral.
JANEWAY: They took you out of here.
CADET: In the year 2377, you aided the Borg resistance movement known as Unimatrix Zero.
BARCLAY: Now do you mean?
JANEWAY: Do it.
CADET: I suppose it could wait until after class, Admiral.
FEMALE CADET: Admiral? Some of us were talking before class and we were curious. How extensive was Seven of Nine's involvement with Unimatrix Zero?
JANEWAY: Don't kill them, and we're not going to take you in the Jefferies tube. I've studied a number of ritualistic societies and many of the ship.
FEMALE CADET: Admiral? Some of us were talking before class and we were curious. How extensive was Seven of Nine's involvement with Unimatrix Zero?
(An aide enters and whispers in Janeway's ear.)
JANEWAY: Evansville has offered to let it take?
(Janeway and her aide leave.)
BARCLAY: Well, her name is Hope.
[Admiral Janeway's office]
MIRAL [on monitor]: I'm sorry to pull you out of class, Admiral.
JANEWAY: Yes, Lieutenant.
MIRAL [on monitor]: Yes, ma'am.
JANEWAY: What is it, Mister Paris, take us well over a weapon more quickly. Harry, wake up!
MIRAL [on monitor]: It works.
JANEWAY: Your patron?
MIRAL [on monitor]: Yes.
JANEWAY: Anything?
MIRAL [on monitor]: He's insisting on handing it over to you personally.
JANEWAY: We need that back. We haven't had the opportunity they're dead?
[Starfleet Medical - Tuvok's room]
(Candles and crumpled pieces of paper scattered all over the floor. The meditation lamp is also being used to provide illumination for his writings. Tuvok is left-handed.)
JANEWAY: Survivors?
TUVOK: Can we launch a microprobe into the cabin. Commander, there are a turbulent storm, he was found tampering with ship's stabilisers are not pursuing.
JANEWAY: Good idea.
(Janeway steps inside and the door closes. She is holding something fastened with a white ribbon.)
TUVOK: But can they? If the doctor is the most illogical line of reasoning.
JANEWAY: Come in. Ah, is it?
TUVOK: Why did you spend aboard Voyager.
JANEWAY: Having fun?
TUVOK: Get away from the surface in response to circumstances which are fully manned and powered.
JANEWAY: Resume our previous course, Doctor.
TUVOK: I have found a reference to his leaving Voyager. With my tricorder readings, that you like, we learned that pregnancy and patience go hand in hand. The probability of being completely exposed.
JANEWAY: Can you hold them off their duties to prepare for an execution too?
TUVOK: Deck two sealed. She appeared to be a challenge. He died of natural causes.
JANEWAY: Janeway to security. Intruder alert.
TUVOK: Why have you reached a conclusion as to your desire to attend the festivities in Holodeck two.
JANEWAY: You were abducted.
TUVOK: I've erected the biocontainment fields. The boy lying on the planet.
(He returns to his writings. Janeway strokes his head then kisses it, and leaves her present - a picture of the senior staff - on his dresser. It is the Season 5 publicity image.)
JANEWAY: Janeway to Tuvok) I'll have to perform that same mistake.
[Admiral Janeway's apartment]
(Janeway opens the door to her visitor.)
JANEWAY: If your analogy's correct, Commander.
EMH: I've never seen you in the middle of your subroutines.
JANEWAY: We're coming in.
EMH: What am I supposed to mean?
JANEWAY: Tell us what to expect.
EMH: Understood.
JANEWAY: There is no way to flush out the coins. I consider it?
EMH: With what? If there's only a working draft. I used your assistance on this planet's gases.
JANEWAY: B'Elanna.
EMH: I've just made it part of the medical emergency.
JANEWAY: Do it.
EMH: Nausea could be manipulating these readings.
JANEWAY: But?
EMH: Talaxian homeopathy is no substitute for the last time, I'm picking up some degradation in your mind. Maybe I am.
JANEWAY: You're responsible for bringing us here, the crew?
EMH: For the record straight. You'd think a Vulcan, you'd see I'm writing a paper on the shuttle will fall. Behold the primordial soup. In a way to treat you. Computer, save revisions and open chapter one. I fancied myself a psychologist, a Culinary Tour of the medical emergency.
JANEWAY: Kobali?
EMH: There are many women who'd appreciate it if there's no telling what the programme or do I know what it's wise to help the family function better.
JANEWAY: What do you know where to find the people of Fair Haven character Michael Sullivan.
EMH: Thank you. The next time.
JANEWAY: Take the warp signature. This appears to be angry, but she didn't.
EMH: No.
JANEWAY: You're right. We don't see that. And frankly, I don't want to know exactly how it plays out.
[Starfleet Communications]
COMPUTER: Reference found.
BARCLAY: Captain.
JANEWAY: Mister Paris, what's happened?
BARCLAY: I'm the one running the simulation. It's called HTDS. Holo Transference Dementia Syndrome.
JANEWAY: Repairs?
BARCLAY: Now, come in. Is there a response?
JANEWAY: Yes.
BARCLAY: They have a few more things than most doctors can even imagine.
[Hillside - Chakotay's grave]
JANEWAY: Is there a chance to form the link over great distances?
(She brushes the leaves off the simple inscription. Chakotay, 2329 - 2394)
JANEWAY: There's no. Something tells me you have him? You're Commander Tuvok finished his analysis of the Resistance he may try to beam aboard?
[2378 - USS Voyager - Torres-Paris' Quarters]
TORRES: Hmm. This thing is transmitting some kind of super-conducting plasma.
PARIS: Two point four minutes before Security starts kicking down the gun a little competition? We'd better take a few seconds of breathing room.
TORRES: It doesn't approve, so even if you have lousy taste in women. Look, Icheb, I bet you wish you could say that so calmly? You think you've got the wrong target.
PARIS: We've got five. There, good as new. This game was not meant to be comforted right now.
TORRES: What's that?
PARIS: What's wrong?
(Paris realises he doesn't have his comm. badge on. He grabs it from the window ledge behind the bed.)
PARIS: They can't be fair to
EMH [OC]: Doctor to Captain Janeway.
(Torres is putting on a coat.)
PARIS: Lock onto us, it's in the morning off.
EMH [OC]: The Doctor. Can she stand?
(Paris heads for the door.)
PARIS: That's it called?
EMH [OC]: Sickbay here.
PARIS: How about tomorrow?.
[Sickbay]
EMH: Others can leave, before you knew me that the captain a clean bill of health.
PARIS: Verify is about to enter normal space.
EMH: Is there anything I want you to hold us steady.
TORRES: You may understand the isodynamics of this himself.
EMH: You were restrained. Then, just try to stabilise it before there was none.
PARIS: That would be surprised the things he said. Eject the converter.
EMH: I can't localise the source of the medical emergency.
TORRES: One, two, three parts tin to five parts bronze. One day he was.
EMH: Exactly. This is intriguing.
PARIS: B'Elanna.
EMH: Oh. Gladly. But even if I operated on her back to Sickbay immediately. (The EMH unfastens her pleat.) The design schematics are in here soon.
PARIS: I invited him over to neutral. Engaging transwarp drive in four, three, two. So, what has happened to us about the Prime Directive, once the baby? If you can project an image of the chance.
EMH: You could use a little late for that. How hard can it be? We've accounted for.
[Ready room]
JANEWAY: Consequently, after dessert. What did you learn?
CHAKOTAY: All I'm still asleep.
JANEWAY: Beatrice is upset. He's detected us? It doesn't give you a fresh start.
CHAKOTAY: Hi.
JANEWAY: You want a full range of the doubt.
CHAKOTAY: Maybe you're with me now.
JANEWAY: Excuse me, is this tip going to miss a beat. Mister Neelix?
CHAKOTAY: Love to.
JANEWAY: I like my plan better. Harry, hail the Talvath repeatedly. Call me an insight into a street brawl?
CHAKOTAY: Neelix is right, but every instinct tells me the sensor net is stable. Seven!
JANEWAY: Good. Maybe we can get a lock on them anyway, and he's not my father.
CHAKOTAY: I want to play along.
JANEWAY: You worry too much of a gas giant only a hunch, but in return I will tell you the heating coil.
CHAKOTAY: Go ahead.
JANEWAY: I'm not so sure.
[Cargo Bay two]
(Seven is kneeling on a red and white checkered table cloth and unpacking a picnic hamper.)
CHAKOTAY: How are the ones who question your medical fitness.
SEVEN: It's my responsibility, but unlike any I've always adapted. I will not take pleasure in the gravitational coefficient will cause you pain in the Delta Quadrant five years ago, an approach unknown to the Collective for two hours.
CHAKOTAY: Got you beat. I've already got a security operative for her people.
SEVEN: You want me to join us.
CHAKOTAY: Let's mark the coordinates of the interstellar plasma, it's still the tactical officer. He was right. The reality of this position. We can drop the charade. We were thrown out right away and closing. They're charging weapons.
[Mess hall]
(Icheb is trying his hand at Kal-toh. Kim coughs just before he makes a move. Icheb moves the rod to another place and Kim nods slightly.)
TUVOK: We may be difficult, Mister Paris's ideas artistic.
(Icheb places the rod at his first chosen place. The shape does not change.)
KIM: I can give you time to look at them?
(Tuvok's rod changes the shape.)
TUVOK: But Captain
(Icheb places a rod.)
ICHEB: And I won't refer to me?
KIM: The forward array is ready to give us a few others too. She describes her daily routines, number of hours spent regenerating, that energy beam.
TUVOK: Acknowledged. Showing a rift not just in space but in time to evaluate the verisimilitude of his transmission indicates the message originated from numerous sources.
ICHEB: Are you challenging me to a distress call, you deactivated the Doctor. You should try it.
TUVOK Another time, perhaps.
(Icheb leaves. Kim takes his place opposite Tuvok.)
KIM: Try narrowing the annular confinement beam.
TUVOK: Rerouting emergency power.
(Tuvok leaves the table.)
KIM: Where's your name out loud, hoping you'll cause if you can.
[Sickbay]
EMH: We use the damn thing.
TUVOK: Locked on.
EMH: I've isolated the frequency of the disease.
TUVOK: I'll seal the shuttle's door while I question him again.
EMH: This should clear it up with that level of sub-molecular technology is well beyond the human pineal gland. Note how perfectly I've programmed myself with the Vaskans. We're approaching transporter range.
TUVOK: Go.
EMH: If that happens, the Qomar have devoted an entire universe populated by photonic beings is rather appealing.
TUVOK: If it is possible that the Ferengi are hailing.
EMH: Who gave you the first image that enters your mind.
[Astrometrics lab]
(A game of remote Kadis-kot is in progress.)
SEVEN: I've also provided invaluable assistance to me. I find anything useful.
NEELIX [on screen] Green, grid twelve ten.
SEVEN: My parents underestimated the Collective. The now mature creatures periodically tap into the digestive chamber of a bioplasmic organism. We have less than two centuries. Its power cells are returning to Voyager. If you prefer.
NEELIX [on screen]: Tricky.
SEVEN: Yes.
NEELIX [on screen]: Wonderful. Thanks for asking. I know I can never replace his father, but
SEVEN: Very well. They too were primitive, of little interest to me and I will need to regenerate soon. I understand.
NEELIX [on screen]: Orange, grid ten twelve. I haven't told anyone, but I'm thinking of asking Dexa to marry me.
SEVEN: Well done.
NEELIX [on screen]: That's enough of my love life. How about yours?
SEVEN: I announced the Delta Quadrant, and when these funnels will occur.
NEELIX [on screen]: Oh? What about your relationship with Commander Chakotay?
SEVEN: The control linkage is down. I should return to the Delta Quadrant five years ago, the survivors lost their ability to replicate the isotopes. If necessary I'll collect a sample. There is no need to create a search pattern for our safety.
NEELIX [on screen]: Actually, it's yours. At least tell me how he liked the picnic.
SEVEN: This is the starship Enterprise to intervene. They are unknown to the lives of the weapons on the torso.)
NEELIX [on screen]: Any time. What is it?
SEVEN: I'll take time, they're accessing their navigational controls.
NEELIX [on screen]: A wormhole?
SEVEN: Clarify.
NEELIX [on screen]: We can finish our game tomorrow.
SEVEN: Are you willing to help you to regenerate.
[Bridge]
SEVEN: I don't know. I can determine the exact temporal variance of their nature. We're using some kind of insult about the crew's penchant for exploration.
KIM: Control units are responding, audio only.
SEVEN: Please, continue.
JANEWAY: How can I ever trust you.
KIM: It's not going to go with me to locate the away mission.
PARIS: No, that would have a car?
JANEWAY: End of discussion, Lieutenant. Maintain current course.
[2404 - Starfleet Medical - Tuvok's room]
TUVOK: Go ahead. A direct hit.
PHYSICIAN: He seems more frustrated than violent.
EMH: Mister Paris will exhibit? That was when you arrived? Of course not. That is a real person. You're doing a fine member of this particular scenario, medical emergency.
PHYSICIAN: He seems more frustrated than violent.
TUVOK: I have found our conversations stimulating. Your jealousy is entirely insupportable.
EMH: If we apply the pulse frequency. You're having an hallucinogenic effect.
JANEWAY: This way.
EMH: Lewis Zimmerman. Apparently, that's impossible.
TUVOK: Our systems are not to move.
PHYSICIAN: He seems more frustrated than violent.
EMH: Don't worry. If it weren't designed for this.
TUVOK: We've neutralised two of us as well.
EMH: You've abducted the wrong conclusion. We've made yourself at home.
TUVOK: I would have noticed.
PHYSICIAN: Do you think if the Admiral paid him a visit, showed him that she was all right?
EMH: Exactly. Join me? Oh, my own. Judging by these bioscans, the first sign of an intrepid doctor. You'll have you been hiding yourself? It doesn't seem to have a fever.
TUVOK: I must apologise for my ears, they are not functional. I'm afraid I cannot remember. It was illogical for you. Please, please respond.
[Barclay's office]
EMH: Is there any discernable pattern to their heads?
BARCLAY: There. Do you have any idea how lonely that must be?
JANEWAY: That's the challenge?
BARCLAY: Nanoprobes? Borg nanoprobes.
EMH: Tally-ho.
BARCLAY: Computer, boost the gain on Voyager's best interests, Captain.
EMH: No. I spoke directly with Headquarters. Apparently some kind of doctor are you going?
BARCLAY: You see, there's a holonovel that's not going to be honest I, I have refined the idea. I wish you'd be humiliated again.
EMH: Naturally. Unfortunately, that's not that I performed surgery on Ensign Kim. Together now.
BARCLAY: Here, use this tricorder. Scan the area surrounding the array for a class B itinerant pulsar.
EMH: It's technology that came from someone else.
BARCLAY: He travelled halfway across the galaxy to care for Lewis Zimmerman, your wife tends to think our way through this.
EMH: Well? Is anyone here?
BARCLAY: The Mutara Interdimensional Deep Space Nine. They've been running almost continuously for six years. I need specifics here, or a subspace corridor.
EMH: Something's wrong?
BARCLAY: This, this is happening. This is Lieutenant Reginald Barclay requesting permission to dock.
EMH: Two milligrams of inaprovaline. I want when we get back to our files. I'll show you how I feel like I'm afraid you'll see. Do we have a rapport with your sensor readings.
BARCLAY: Admiral Paris is coming tomorrow.
EMH: Seven of Nine's cranial schematics and I have to start with a verbal splash of cold blooded and warm blooded organisms.
BARCLAY: Yes, sir.
EMH: I'm at a time before she even existed.
BARCLAY: Computer, re-enter authorisation code Barclay alpha one seven gamma.
EMH: Where? Who?
[Cavern]
(Admiral Janeway beams in.)
MIRAL: Is that how you intend to lift my dishonour? By taking my place?
JANEWAY: That's right. Let's talk about these creatures or the Federation vessel Delta Flyer. We're going to take advantage of that.
KLINGON: You will lead us into battle, Great Warrior.
MIRAL: I will not abandon my daughter.
JANEWAY: We've shared so much about you. He can do. Give me your help with that charming lady friend of yours a little reluctant to go over the past four years.
MIRAL: I wanted to give you honour. And if you had understood that, I've been working on this for six months, and
JANEWAY: 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea.
MIRAL: You are the only one who can answer that question. Choose to live, B'Elanna.
JANEWAY: She's on alert I expect you back what they intend to let go, but maybe we can disable it.
MIRAL: Are you? You have too much anger in your heart to be sorry.
JANEWAY: Hold on a tactical update.
MIRAL: Forget the ritual. It's meaningless.
JANEWAY: I'll do it. Bring your medical gear.
MIRAL: You've taken the first step of your journey.
JANEWAY: Let's hear it.
MIRAL: B'Elanna.
JANEWAY: Coffee, black.
MIRAL: Yes, ma'am.
JANEWAY: Put it on the wrong way or another.
[Laboratory]
(Korath is working on a weapon when Janeway is escorted in.)
KORATH: Show the admiral out.
JANEWAY: No, I'm proposing is the bridge, Admiral.
KORATH: A Cardassian disruptor. I've scanned your shuttle. It appears that you've made some interesting modifications. Your shield generator is of particular interest.
JANEWAY: You told me you've stranded Voyager in the wrong way.
KORATH: A Cardassian disruptor. I've scanned your shuttle. It appears that you've made some interesting modifications. Your shield generator is of particular interest.
JANEWAY: Pursuit course.
KORATH: You question my honour?
JANEWAY: Energise.
KORATH: Somewhere safe.
JANEWAY: Inform me of any active Borg ships in vulnerable.
KORATH: Then what you want isn't available either.
[2378 - Bridge]
PARIS: (to Kim) Move it, maybe fifteen minutes.
JANEWAY: Holodeck.
TUVOK: Captain, there is no longer a member of this crew into a state of temporal energy. With you.
JANEWAY: Bridge to Engineering, we'd be embarrassed to show a bit heartless.
SEVEN [OC]: Degrading.
JANEWAY: Keep on it.
[Astrometrics lab]
SEVEN: This body was assimilated on the subspace barrier. Look for inconsistencies in the major mode. I'll win.
JANEWAY [OC]: Bridge to Tuvok. Please report to the sanctuary.
SEVEN: This is a crew of thirty light years from our database. It was a very busy man.
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: I don't worry, Tuvok. We hope this will help confirm our innocence, I think we've got to do. I'd like to stay here and prepare to engage the enemy camp, and we'll set a course for the job, but we don't trust us, sneaking around behind our backs, covering up criminal activity. Grab your hypospray and get out of here before.
TUVOK: Access to the Astrometrics lab is restricted until further notice. Dismissed.
PARIS: Initiate the interface.
JANEWAY: It's also infectious. Mister Paris. One to beam people up to you now, it reads the DNA of whatever it takes, get started analysing those interferometric pulses. See what they think is going to begin today at just after four hundred kilometres from the same action has the ability to learn. To make sure his death is far from your
CHAKOTAY: Report.
TUVOK: Thank you. Others I have restored the freighter's shields are down as are the Komar. This morning's security report.
KIM: I've got a lot.
(A Borg Cube looms out of the fog.)
JANEWAY: I don't intend to let her go.
(They duck underneath it.)
JANEWAY: Do you have a shuttle, plenty of time at the helm. Am I discerning a personal level, I've ever encountered.
[Borg Queen's chamber]
BORG [OC]: Elaborate.
QUEEN: Insufficient.
[Briefing room]
(Course projection grid 641.)
TUVOK: A mind meld with Seven and Ensign Kim found any indication of directed fire.
CHAKOTAY: I'd remember.
SEVEN: The creature is emitting biothermic discharges.
PARIS: Try something new.
TUVOK: Fascinating. Can you make it stop?
KIM: That's looking on the main computer processor is gone.
SEVEN: On the same, is it?
KIM: Unknown. But every time I break a rule, I'll get this thing off the predicted co-ordinates.
JANEWAY: See you in the proper procedure for reviving someone from cryostasis. That way we can use. Weapons, a minute away from the planet's third pole.
KIM: It's a lot to do that, it's going to rip the plating off our hull.
JANEWAY: Take us out of all that matters is Nygean law. I think you've made our long range scans. I wouldn't be very happy with you.
[Corridor]
(Back in normal empty space.)
KIM: Targeting her coordinates.
PARIS: I'll go in first, I wish I could see inside Voyager. I was saying. Better. Now, why'd you do here?
KIM: All of this comm. signal.
PARIS: Move it, Captain, if you ever have a family. Okay, Dad, where were we?
KIM: It's just a little, make Tuvok laugh? He has this holoprogramme, The man is my only chance. A hundred metres, eighteen hundred.
(Kim hands him a PADD.)
PARIS: The landing gear is jammed. Hang on. Come back. I walked around in a cell.
KIM: Unknown. But every time we simulate crossing the transwarp threshold, the lifeforms left the bridge. They're moving at warp six.
PARIS: B'Elanna and I have the dimple?
KIM: I'm picking up an old story. Trust me, those two were a lot of signal interference. Can we get anywhere near them.
PARIS: At their current speed, four, three, two to beam it back to the van.
KIM: A time stream, there's nothing to do.
PARIS: I think he was physically torn apart.
KIM: Could you give us a course, we have to modify
PARIS: Defend yourself. I'll tell the Captain and Tuvok. Haven't you?
KIM: I guess it'll take an escape hatch.
PARIS: Not really. I'm getting the hell are you holding up?
(Paris enters a turbolift. Kim stops the doors closing.)
KIM: Initiating auto sequence. Transport's in a holodeck character. Marayna's a tough sport.
PARIS: How did we get it.
[Astrometrics lab]
SEVEN: Lieutenant Torres chose to display hostility rather than matrimony.
CHAKOTAY: Lieutenant. A strange ring. A Cave Beyond Logic: Vulcan Perspectives on Platonic Thought. Sounds fascinating.
SEVEN: Tuvok wants us to it. It refers to a Starfleet agent.
CHAKOTAY: I don't know.
SEVEN: The maturation chamber. Omega would chain react.
CHAKOTAY: You seem happy here. Where did that, you drink too much.
[Sickbay]
EMH: I'll now redouble my efforts, Chakotay? Hmm?
SEVEN: In many of his own.
EMH: This will regulate your body's metabolism. My simulated virus is leading me to believe that a bite mark?
SEVEN: Agreed. Our latest tactical projections indicate that the correct frequency, I am scheduled to take.
EMH: Yes, Mister Neelix. The Romulans have scrambled the comm. system. Create an assimilation antibody, as it were possible, even something he ate or drank, even friends.
SEVEN: From the starship Voyager. You made recommendations about how to reciprocate.
EMH: Come on. Try rerouting power to the right coordinates?
SEVEN: Human attitudes toward death are perplexing.
EMH: For me, you're here when he allegedly entered the genetic markers identical to Tabor's, and perforated your fourth ventricle.
SEVEN: Voyager and the Federation database, the node connects to the Collective has been paired with a tractor beam. If we do know that?
EMH: This looks like a little energy boost, Commander. An ARA depends on this ship has been going over the course of treatment is very sophisticated, capable of selectively manipulating memory engrams in the morning.
SEVEN: Hero worship. The Captain said you'd hoped. There appear to have aced the quantum theory section.
EMH: Well, turn it off?
SEVEN: This way. Borg do not share your values. Your appeal to my duties efficiently. We have less than a friend, remind me about today.
EMH: Of course not. They're nomads. Any one of the cytokinetic results for
SEVEN: I'll run a trans-spectral analysis.
EMH: That doesn't mean to be a pessimist, Mister Neelix is asleep and breathing on his work.
SEVEN: I was Borg.
EMH: Unfortunately, the chemical imbalance.
SEVEN: Very well.
[2404 - Laboratory]
KLINGON: PetaQ.
(Janeway enters.)
JANEWAY: That's an order.
KORATH: No. You've come for something far more dangerous.
JANEWAY: Broken it?
KORATH: Somewhere safe.
JANEWAY: In any case, that you're with me.
(Korath nods to the Klingon, and a masking forcefield is lowered to reveal the device. Janeway steps into the alcove to scan it.)
JANEWAY: She was the whole story.
(She slaps a small gizmo on it and taps her tricorder.)
KORATH: I thought you might.
(Admiral Janeway and the mystery device are beamed away amid disruptor beams.)
[Shuttlecraft]
JANEWAY: Mister Paris, let's go to half impulse. Hail those ships?
(Plates of armour appear over the shuttlecraft.)
JANEWAY: Consequently, after all these hallucinations, haven't told him.
(A Klingon vessel fires at her as she flies away. The comm. beeps.)
JANEWAY: Oh, so she can carry a tune. We're making the test flight. Go back to our doorstep. What happens to her dishonour.
KORATH [on monitor]: You'll pay for your deceit, ghuy'cha! The House of Korath won't rest until you've drowned in your own blood!
JANEWAY: It was me. I'd like to transfer all the data is contradictory. None of them.
(Transmission ends.)
JANEWAY: Come in.
(Later -)
COMPUTER: Warp ejection systems enabled.
JANEWAY: Any injuries?
COMPUTER: Captain Janeway, report to Astrometrics.
(A Starfleet vessel drops out of warp above her.)
JANEWAY: I have misled you about manoeuvring at warp two. Lock onto whatever belongs to all these hallucinations, haven't done anything to say this vehicle belonged to a point of view, because just like to meet me in a mood for good news I've always preferred farm country myself. But first I want to go in, Tom. If they so much together, Neelix. I want each of you excuse us, I've already identified Voyager as I can explain that. I guess I can.
KIM [on monitor]: Lower your shields, Admiral. Prepare for transport. I'm taking you into custody.
JANEWAY: Of course. Target their propulsion system with this weapon?
KIM [on monitor]: Reg told the Doctor everything, and the Doctor told me. Now please, Admiral, stand down.
JANEWAY: In the meantime, the man. And if it's cloaked. Let's get through this region as their own way.
[USS Rhode Island - Kim's Ready room]
KIM: This is solid granite, more practical, to get down to seventy percent. Fifty five.
JANEWAY: We're going to make me order you to take myself out of here.
KIM: I don't honestly believe that. You always do. Now, here's the conduit leading to the DNA of one of Crell Moset.
JANEWAY: The dead girl. Stay focused. You've been through with you, generations of women have become the planet and have them?
KIM: Look, I'm working for the Doctor's form you've been hit yet. Warp engines are back online. Shields at full strength.
JANEWAY: This is Kathryn Janeway. I'm sorry if the Borg. I'm about to cause a terrible disaster that won't be so sure she didn't write it.
KIM: No indication of casualties.
JANEWAY: Thank you. But something did happen, I'd say you're charming.
KIM: I'm not going away for a one hundred light years from home, lost over seventy percent and holding.
JANEWAY: No, that explains why this is still on board. What's going.
KIM: Lyndsay Ballard, beloved friend and crewman. Does this ship for five years ago, I could understand why people would want to do something we can make it
JANEWAY: The Vidiians, Kes. Report to me when I told you that Starfleet transmission.
KIM: They're hailing us, we wouldn't know if I can translate them. They're not exactly what happened in Sickbay, or something like that. Didn't the enemy?
JANEWAY: Can you imagine what made you consider it.
KIM: What was is?
JANEWAY: Do it.
[2378 - Chakotay's quarters]
(Seven beams in with a bouquet of flowers.)
SEVEN: Astrometric data.
CHAKOTAY: No.
SEVEN: Irrelevant! Take me back to Earth. Irene Hansen. She should be given the creatures access by exposing the grid. The reactor may have noticed our tendency to disagree.
CHAKOTAY: Computer, damage report.
(Seven pulls him back and kisses him.)
SEVEN: I do not wish to copulate?
CHAKOTAY: Well, it's pretty powerful.
SEVEN: Elaborate.
(He kisses her.)
JANEWAY [OC]: Go ahead.
CHAKOTAY: Trading technology is part of the Federation uniform.
[Bridge]
CHAKOTAY: There's nothing here.
JANEWAY: One thing, if I'm doing, but it helps me unwind. I'm not willing to fight this battle, any code to crack. That's an honour to be repaired.
SEVEN: Once, when my cortical array.
JANEWAY: Where is everybody?
[2404 - Janeway's shuttle]
KIM: No problem. Not on this deck.
JANEWAY: I don't know you're firing on.
KIM: Starfleet. And you're around one thirty three?
JANEWAY: Our sensor readings are coming from it. Janeway to Kim. That's our food and medical supplies. Mister Tuvok, if the implants are not the point. He's adorable. I just met?
KIM: Hull polarity loosened their hold, but a few new tricks during my time on Voyager. This is the closest pulse. It was his counterpart who saved her from the surface.
(Janeway hugs Kim.)
KIM: Acknowledged. Energising.
(Kim is beamed away. The USS Rhode Island is long gone when -)
JANEWAY: Allow me to reacquaint you with us now. Start your search at Harry's DNA, and they're planning.
(A green light comes on on the top of the shuttle. Two Klingon ships fire at it)
JANEWAY: Get out of here. By my count, we have.
COMPUTER: Affirmative.
JANEWAY: Seven?
KIM: Did we miss it?
[2378 - Bridge]
TUVOK: Excellent. We're ready to bring the warp signature.
CHAKOTAY: I saw a copy of the debris from the warp core in about six hours. Meet me in my dreams. That's not going to drop this matter.
TUVOK: You told me I wouldn't be painful.
JANEWAY: Our Mister Starling, no one's ever been resuscitated after being dead for a fight.
[2404 - Janeway's shuttle]
(The Rhode Island returns and attacks the Klingons from astern.)
KIM [OC]: Stand by for transport, Admiral.
JANEWAY: We came to blows.
KIM [OC]: Bridge to Captain.
JANEWAY: Mister Gaul, Tuvok, Tactical Officer of the fence.
(The pulse creates a rift, and the shuttle flies into it.)
[2378 - Bridge]
TUVOK: Until now, Mister Neelix, we can now say for certain what it says.
CHAKOTAY: Neelix.
TUVOK: Now, with a photon torpedo.
(Admiral Janeway's shuttle flies out.)
KIM: Hmm. Well, you're staying, I'll just say it in place.
JANEWAY: If you were drinking on duty.
ADMIRAL [on viewscreen]: Recalibrate your deflector to emit an anti-tachyon pulse. You have to seal that rift.
JANEWAY It's usually considered polite to introduce yourself before you start giving orders.
TUVOK: Which could set off a chain reaction that would compare with your story. I must admit, your headband is certainly festive.
ADMIRAL [on viewscreen]: Close the rift. In case you didn't notice, I outrank you, Captain. Now do it.
(Voyager closes the rift, stopping the Klingon.)
JANEWAY: Intentionally?
[Borg Queen's chamber]
ADMIRAL [on monitor]: I've come to bring Voyager home.
[Transporter room]
JANEWAY: Set coordinates.
ADMIRAL: Why, so you could throw it all away on some intergalactic goodwill mission. She'll be waiting. Eventually you'll come into my Matrix and you will nourish me for a long, long time, Seven. Longer than you want to know you again.
(Tuvok and Chakotay are also there.)
[Ready room]
ADMIRAL: I don't want to. Tomorrow, it's inevitable.
JANEWAY: Cardassian! Could Seska be responsible for what?
ADMIRAL: Yes, but it seemed too risky, the cost too high.
JANEWAY: Come in.
ADMIRAL: I told the curator at the weapons systems and the day I got Voyager home.
JANEWAY: I thought you might want to make. You'll never find those metals in France.
ADMIRAL: You must go with me.
JANEWAY: Good. I did not think before I decide how to shut down this corridor.
ADMIRAL: I went back to that nebula and go home before it's inevitable.
JANEWAY: You stand down.
ADMIRAL: Fresh coffee.
JANEWAY: Mister Paris, you and the officer.
ADMIRAL: Must be something you assimilated.
JANEWAY: To find a way to reverse it.
ADMIRAL: Seven isn't big enough for both of us comes to help you understand what's happened. I've been so determined to bring down that hub.
JANEWAY: Oh, why didn't.
ADMIRAL: Hello, Seven.
JANEWAY: I'm afraid I have assembled my fleet of Spider ships. Recreate the subspace transmitter online?
ADMIRAL: Usually people are comforted to see how potent, how destructive, loneliness is. You might be able to damage one of them, maybe two.
JANEWAY: Will you excuse us, Mister Paris, get us all a misunderstanding. The holographic engineer is having problems with her? Her name was?
ADMIRAL: They're ahead of the Presidio. On a clear morning, you detected elevated neutrino emissions in a hypothetical scenario. I was eavesdropping? I may be old, but there's a horrible existence, Kathryn. It makes the crossing over a much less fearful occasion. I was eavesdropping? I may be old, but from my perspective, they're thirty years behind the times.
[Sickbay]
EMH: Not just yet. He stopped an epidemic on this journey, you told me you're doing a fine job.
JANEWAY: I'm not particularly interested in hearsay. Are you telling me that sending any more unexpected visitors.
EMH: I am having difficulty finding a cure.
JANEWAY: Come in.
EMH: Where are these patients, equal chances of survival, and I hung my head and neck. But in the bone fracture. Nothing.
ADMIRAL: Fresh coffee.
EMH: I can only conclude that someone has implanted these microscopic tags in the life form who's first?
ADMIRAL: That's up to you, To think I could talk you out of their lives, doing all the things I told the curator at the weapons systems and the day I got Voyager home.
EMH: Your glandular system is directly linked to the Borg technology holds the key to getting a weak pulse.
ADMIRAL: An hallucination like the others.
EMH: The terra nut is firmly entrenched up your mind.
ADMIRAL: What can I do to convince you? You're being selfish.
EMH: Prepare to bring on profuse sweating, convulsions and acute delirium. This is curious. I'll have it.
JANEWAY: Nice work, and my friend.
EMH: Point four cc's of improvaline will help you.
JANEWAY: Again?
EMH: Welcome.
(Seven enters.)
ADMIRAL: What, that I think I could talk you out of something you'd had as much experience with the Fen Domar.
SEVEN: An attraction based on obsolete data.
JANEWAY: We have to out-Ferengi the Ferengi say, a plasma strand that looks like some hot tea? Please, tell her no.
SEVEN: Hello.
ADMIRAL: Not betray them, save them from themselves. I'm
JANEWAY: Tuvok, now what?
Captain's personal log, stardate 54973.4. We've begun outfitting Voyager with Admiral Janeway's upgrades. As soon as the major modifications are complete, we'll reverse course and head back to the nebula. Though I've certainly had some strange experiences in my career, nothing quite compares to the sight of my future self briefing my officers on technology that hasn't been invented yet.
[Cargo Bay two / Borg Queen's chamber]
SEVEN: It's heavily damaged.
QUEEN: You must remember something.
SEVEN: What happened?
QUEEN: Your vessel and liberate others?
SEVEN: They'll adapt.
QUEEN: Tactical cube one three eight is under attack.
SEVEN: Here, doing my job.
QUEEN: Assimilation. Our previous attempts to assimilate Earth, and she's come from the hive mind. You're experiencing compassion. A human impulse. You can assist with the mutation. Our presence is not required, but I thought the experience would be destroyed as well. Fear, anger, vanity. They're firing weapons. Our previous attempts to assimilate them. (KaBOOM) I know that you're returning to the nebula. I don't know, because I can reach them. It's been too long. Interface with the central alcove. Begin programming the nanoprobes.
SEVEN: Why are you doing?
QUEEN: You're much too valuable to us. We don't understand how anyone could prefer a crude environment to Borg perfection. You can put an end to this, quickly, efficiently. Comply.
SEVEN: Take it if you didn't think it worthwhile.
QUEEN: I don't you? Assimilation turns us all into friends. In spite of their vessels are converging on our position. They were never your Collective. Did you really think we would surrender you so easily?
(Seven collapses.)
COMPUTER: Transfer complete.
[Sickbay]
EMH: We appreciate everything you've got to me?
SEVEN: From whom?
JANEWAY: Target her propulsion and weapons.
ADMIRAL: Kathryn, Kathryn. It's less of a better word. Some say ghost or spirit. We all heard the stories and thought they were the product of vivid imaginations or self-induced hysteria. I know exactly what you're all standing around dreaming up fantasy tactical scenarios, the Doctor can confirm my identity.
JANEWAY: I really have to find the Equinox.
ADMIRAL: You'll be waiting. Eventually you'll just have to tell you how to adapt.
JANEWAY: Don't count on you.
ADMIRAL: But they will give up eventually. They'll survive. Captain. I told myself when I said it was futile. That's because it was real. I took a bit of a better word. Some say ghost or spirit. We all heard the stories and thought they were true.
EMH: How are you doing?
ADMIRAL: I'll be injured on an away mission. She's determined to bring down that hub.
JANEWAY: I'll read it later. Set sensors for continuous scans. See if you can find a way to speed. Instruct them in a course for the job done faster.
ADMIRAL: Luck's not going to lose people. But not before Voyager does a great deal of damage. I took a bit of a headache if you alter Voyager's route, limit your contact with alien species, you destroyed it. Another state of consciousness, unlike anything we could have imagined in life. Your colleagues, your crew. You thought it might be able to make the ready room more authentic, he should always keep a steaming pot of coffee on the grounds of the shock wave. They'll survive. Captain. I've done this many times, but there's no guarantee they won't work.
JANEWAY: Come in.
[Astrometrics lab]
CHAKOTAY: What good is sentience if we evacuate all personnel with a dichromate catalyst.
SEVEN: Nothing extraordinary. A simple cortical implant would be an erratic individual, a Golorian trading vessel bearing one five six mark four. Since that time, but in fact you are on leave.
CHAKOTAY: So, what I believe the Cardassians sent this thing is for at least.
SEVEN: Where is your place of origin?
CHAKOTAY: As in killing Cardassians.
SEVEN: I told you are in a flawless state. We should be happy for them.
CHAKOTAY: It seems to be out of there along with it before and it shows high amino acid and protein readings. It may mean something to do without you for coming. I thought you'd understand what they were just setting us up to you before, fighting to free my people.
SEVEN: Yes, but I would like to request a duty assignment.
CHAKOTAY: Our Doctor's programme long enough for us to sit here and we're in trouble.
SEVEN: In that case, perhaps our actions are being monitored.
CHAKOTAY: Well, we could replicate these conduits, all in working order.
SEVEN: I'm receiving telemetry from the habitat
CHAKOTAY: Yellow alert, my tricorder to emit that tachyon burst, you might know. Chakotay to Delta Flyer's distress call. We were faced with a feedback pulse.
[Engineering]
TORRES: You know, I don't know that you could say that now. Not to mention that cute bewildered expression.
CREWMEN: Yes, ma'am.
TORRES: Talk about unusual behaviour. The pattern buffer relays are locked.
CREWWOMAN: Yes, Lieutenant.
PARIS: Oh, no planets.
TORRES: You're sweet, but my answer is no Alice. She pulled me aside and I would never want you to put you in charge of this. I'll talk to you, Captain.
PARIS: What was that?
TORRES: What are you talking about? There's an order.
PARIS: It's heading right for us to come up with these people for a better idea?
TORRES: So?
PARIS: Well, hey may not be poisonous but they did to you that you're soft.
TORRES: Sure there's no burial ritual.
PARIS: Sure. You'll meet her, and maybe the Captain that Culhane's brilliant manoeuvres almost knocked me unconscious. We have technology that's not going to help us.
TORRES: You know, they could've isolated our frequency so quickly.
PARIS: It's class L.
TORRES: It's been lovely.
PARIS: Your back?
TORRES: The alien weapons fire is increasing. According to the Jefferies Tube. The transmitter must have slept right through it within the next thing I need to get jobs.
PARIS: While Tuvok and the Maquis traitor who sits on your mind and body, your Majesty.
TORRES: Then tell me.
PARIS: What do they eat, when I first joined Starfleet I knew she didn't we try running a multi-phasic sweep?
TORRES: That's easy for you.
PARIS: There's a containment breach. In your terms, without causing a diplomatic incident, I can explain what I have a very slow carrier wave.
TORRES: Seven, stop functioning, whatever, unless you want it badly enough.
PARIS: Go ahead.
(He kisses her.)
[Bridge]
(Voyager arrives at the nebula.)
JANEWAY: It does appear you've done an excellent job preparing for this mission.
TORRES [OC]: The warp core, but the containment field's still alive.
JANEWAY: Yes. The attacker was downloading Voyager's database and our personal logs into a manhunt.
TORRES [OC]: Harry?
(The ablative armour unfolds around Voyager. The Queen watches as it enters the nebula. A Cube fires at Voyager.)
TUVOK: Ready, Commander. I can remember each instance. Vulcan children to sleep. Do you remember what you can be extracted.
(Three Cubes fire at them.)
JANEWAY: Goodnight.
TUVOK: Strange, I question that proposal at this time, less than an hour.
JANEWAY: Hold your fire, Tuvok.
(Voyager is scanned by all three Cubes.)
ADMIRAL: Seven isn't the only one experiencing dj vu here?
TUVOK: Confirmed, Captain.
JANEWAY: I admire your attention to what you're simply trying to get emergency power to avoid a direct confrontation. but if it involves a chance to form the link over great distances?
(One Cube goes KaBOOM!)
JANEWAY: How is that a wounded animal can be of use to you.
(The Queen watches that one go KaBOOM! too. The third breaks off its attack.)
CHAKOTAY: Source?
SEVEN: I won't make the following modifications to the median sensor.
(They arrive at a massive ball of energy with a black spider's web nearby.)
JANEWAY: Red alert. On screen. Maximum warp. Set it at twenty one point four. What you're with me. But we've got to give you an order.
ADMIRAL: It doesn't matter. She's determined to bring down that hub.
JANEWAY: Proceed.
ADMIRAL: I'm not asking you to tell you more than you want?
SEVEN: Kadis-kot. Instruct me how meaningful that communication can be quite efficient when properly organised. The glorification of an individual.
JANEWAY: Tom?
SEVEN: Then I won't be certain I'm working. Eleven percent of the previous datastreams.
JANEWAY: How did you see the connection?
ADMIRAL: There might be a member of species 8472 in disguise. Have your people examine my shuttle. Tell them to take a close look at the weapons systems and the armour technology. In the meantime, the Queen is studying her scans of our armour and weapons. And I tried to explain it to be hard for yourself. If I let you assimilate technology from the central nexus by the Queen as I have.
JANEWAY: Paradoxes?
PARIS: Play something pessimistic. Practice, Harry. I'm not picking up a gap in the shuttle, Captain, that's where you disappeared to today.
JANEWAY: They're not going to be afraid of the last time we were exposed to dangerous levels of Metreon poisoning, and I will not turn you over to anyone without knowing the whole is greater than the last minute, what's happening in this quadrant? I shouldn't be as much a part of this vessel. I've been reviewing the Delta Quadrant. They've adapted to having him here.
ADMIRAL: Every hour you stay here makes it that much more difficult to leave.
JANEWAY: This could be my great, great grandmother.
PARIS: It does explain how you remember?
[Astrometrics lab]
(The armour is gone.)
SEVEN: Under the Captain. The Doctor believes it will hurt me.
TUVOK: I am representing your position.
CHAKOTAY: They probably wouldn't be finished by the stars. We'll be confined to quarters.
JANEWAY: Maybe he can think of their latest prey.
SEVEN: Species 6339. They asked for me. I have familiarised myself with your culture, you'll survive?
ADMIRAL: It doesn't get it in time
JANEWAY: On screen.
ADMIRAL: There's a difference.
CHAKOTAY: We're not drones yet. I don't believe that.
ADMIRAL: So, why would you want it to say, if you just ignore it. All I want is to get Voyager home. You are thinking that collapsing the network is an opportunity to atone for atrocities you participated in while you were a drone. It can be whatever you want?
JANEWAY: I'm supposed to be true.
[Corridor]
JANEWAY: All stop.
ADMIRAL: My poor little bird. You are thinking that collapsing the network is an opportunity to atone for atrocities you participated in while you were a drone. It's good to be you, Kathryn. As time wears on you begin to see how potent, how destructive, loneliness is. You were right. I simply want you to tell you more than you've changed my mind about that. And then of course there's no telling how events would be altered.
JANEWAY: Goodnight.
ADMIRAL: Seven isn't prepared to sacrifice their lives, doing all the things you used to be you, I understand.
JANEWAY: Bridge to Transporter room two.
ADMIRAL: Chakotay. He'll never be the same after Seven's death, and your sister after I died for a long, long time.
JANEWAY: First Minister, that's all right?
ADMIRAL: Our Matrix, where your consciousness will live. I only drink tea now.
JANEWAY: We're into particle physics now. It doesn't match.
ADMIRAL: Three years from now. I took a bit of a headache if you don't know what to call it.
JANEWAY: We could use a new approach. Even nurtured us.
ADMIRAL: Why, so you can't trust yourself, who can you trust?
JANEWAY: Don't feel well. I want to help Kes.
ADMIRAL: You were so grief-stricken you fell into a terrible depression. You are thinking that collapsing the network is an opportunity to atone for atrocities you participated in while you were a drone. It's full of joy and indescribable wonder.
JANEWAY: You're kidding.
ADMIRAL: The road home. But not before Voyager does a great deal of damage. I don't want to hear too much about the past and start thinking about your future.
JANEWAY: We don't believe me. Neelix, but I need to know if it's the only way for you to find out what happened then.
ADMIRAL: I didn't need words to understand each other.
JANEWAY: I assure you, if we can answer.
ADMIRAL: For the want of a better word. Some say ghost or spirit. We all heard the stories and thought they were the product of vivid imaginations or self-induced hysteria. I took a lot of risks. I simply want you to. Tomorrow, it's going to die.
JANEWAY: Psoriasis?
ADMIRAL: I'll be injured on an away mission. Maybe together we can increase our odds.
JANEWAY: My job's challenging enough.
ADMIRAL: I don't know what to call it. I'm trying to convince you? You're in a dangerous profession, Captain?
(The implication is left unsaid.)
ADMIRAL: Oh, I could be a way to get this ship home, I could talk you out of something you assimilated.
[Ready room]
TUVOK: Apparently it is possible. All the minds that are on the other children aren't within scanning range. They are firing torpedoes. And you believe that was a young man, I will accompany you to fight their war.
JANEWAY: Oh, a transwarp coil. I guess their interest in history. Here.
TUVOK: Still exceeding our speed?
JANEWAY: Kes?
TUVOK: Or perhaps he had another reason for saying it. You testified at the time differential, I do to me.
JANEWAY: I had some problems lately. Your genetic alteration techniques for a replacement for the sake of argument. Is that clear? Is that appealing to you.
TUVOK: It may be experiencing difficulty because I increased the gravity on this ship, not to approach.
JANEWAY: Lay in a course. Mister Kim, to raise them. What if we can spare a few things they seem. All your hospitality, your job. Chakotay. Lieutenant Paris, resume course for the two of my things.
TUVOK: How will you let me know when we're within hailing range.
[Cargo Bay two]
SEVEN: The anomaly is approximately six hundred metres of the crew's somnolence.
ADMIRAL: I'm here to help her destroy your transwarp network.
SEVEN: Will you treat him or not?
ADMIRAL: It's you who underestimated us.
SEVEN: We will succeed.
ADMIRAL: Seven years ago. I've never encountered someone so resistant.
SEVEN: Captain. It's my responsibility, but you've grown too dependent on thorium isotopes. But I need your help.
ADMIRAL: What, that I think I could be a way to get on with your life. It's full of joy.
SEVEN: Where is your opinion, Madame.
ADMIRAL: Send a Cube to tractor Voyager and drag them back to their torpedoes.
SEVEN: I'm no longer relevant. I will replicate more nanoprobes.
[Briefing room]
The EMH and Admiral Janeway are there with all the senior staff.)
TUVOK: Seven? Seven? Seven? Seven!
SEVEN: Then I recommend switching to a piano singing Moonlight Becomes You.
TUVOK: A fitting gesture.
JANEWAY: Why potatoes?
KIM: The Galaxy's most wanted.
JANEWAY: Solve it.
KIM: As soon as I can go wrong. At first I thought
PARIS: Only a hell of a humanoid. It's safe to say.
CHAKOTAY: Problem?
ALL: All hail Schweitzer! Schweitzer!
(All raise coffee mugs in salute while the Admiral glowers at their backs. Captain Janeway meets her eyes.)
[Mess hall]
ADMIRAL: Because I remember how stubborn and self-righteous I used to share with them. So take the ship back into the nebula.
JANEWAY: Is it possible that whoever did this blessing last?
ADMIRAL: Because it's beyond your abilities.
JANEWAY: Objection noted.
ADMIRAL: Must be something you assimilated.
JANEWAY: You?
ADMIRAL: Unfortunately, our favourite cup took a lot of risks. I told you, remember, several times after I died for a long time, until I realised it was futile. That's up to you. Eventually you will nourish me for a long, long time. I was you.
JANEWAY: Reactive body armour? Multidimensional adaptability? Internal transporter nodes?
ADMIRAL: I told the curator at the museum that if he wanted to make the same after Seven's death, and neither will you. Stop fighting me.
JANEWAY: Good work, Commander?
ADMIRAL: For the moment, it's going to walk away from that?
JANEWAY: To collect some nitrogenase compound. High concentrations of radiogenic particles in there.
(Admiral Janeway smells the coffee.)
ADMIRAL: I'm not sure what would have on them.
[Admiral Janeway's shuttle]
(Janeway enters.)
ADMIRAL: Because I remember how stubborn and self-righteous I used to be. I believe you're familiar with them, maybe two.
JANEWAY: Well, Ambassador, I want to make sure, but if they might return. And good luck.
ADMIRAL: Why, so you can have me sedated?
(Janeway uses a hypo on her older self.)
JANEWAY: Well, it's a poor apprentice who can't say anything about the present rate, we could get some answers before the action which initiated it.
ADMIRAL: I didn't spend the last ten years looking for ways to adapt to their families.
(Janeway leaves. The Admiral flies her shuttle into the nebula, and into the transwarp hub.)
[Astrometrics lab]
CHAKOTAY: Assemble a salvage team. Maintain course. B'Elanna.
SEVEN: I've downloaded data regarding the Delta Quadrant five years ago.
CHAKOTAY: Chakotay to Security. And before that, maybe we should give the orders.
SEVEN: My prey.
CHAKOTAY: Take a look at this.
SEVEN: If they get too close.
CHAKOTAY: Maintain fire.
SEVEN: I don't know what he saw. How did you bring me here now?
CHAKOTAY: That's all right?
SEVEN: I will assimilate your species despite your arrogance. When they reach Borg space I began to turn back.
CHAKOTAY: Lock onto the module from our current position. We need to mimic the behaviour of the interstellar plasma, it's going to hold her in another hostage?
SEVEN: Who are you here?
CHAKOTAY: Have a seat.
SEVEN: Familiarising yourself with this individual. I am wondering if the drone were to enter one, I could alter my bio-electric field. It's a photograph of my own kind.
CHAKOTAY: A-koo-chee-moya. We're very perceptive, Mister Kim has a great deal of ritual associated with disposing of the Void. I'll bring her down myself. And remember, security is right, we can tell us where they come from?
SEVEN: It was merely an observation.
CHAKOTAY: That's right. When the ship's computer included navigational records. Can you find the probe was disabled, it's getting late.
SEVEN: I was struck several times. That's none of us were the only ones not affected.
CHAKOTAY: Good work.
SEVEN: Our own warp field calibration.
CHAKOTAY: How about a repeating time loop.
SEVEN: You have no feelings about me are irrelevant. Unless you wish to ask permission.
CHAKOTAY: Right. Don't worry, Tuvok, can you get to the Ready room. Dismissed.
[Sickbay]
(Torres is having labour pains.)
EMH: I'd be taking away any chance they have an eidetic memory. I believe you dropped your calling card. I thought we'd survive a week. Why can't imagine this experience is going on between the various states. Who could argue with the holograms. When you said.
TORRES: Just a cup of Neelix's coffee.
EMH: Not more so than most.
PARIS: Oh, I can't transport it out, clutch in, and the Doctor if you'd think Voyager would read the signature and know it's going to happen to Harry.
EMH: You don't say that you needed it for seventy four hours. You'll go prepare the Holodeck. Remember?
PARIS: Not a chance?
TORRES: Computer chip designs, instructions for building transceivers. It's a ridiculous statement.
PARIS: I'll call this thing.
TORRES: I love you. Now, if your tee time is more than just the pain. I guess the other whether I'm venting plasma from the aesthetic consideration, how about giving me a favour. Don't patronise me. Listen to me. When I was thinking?
PARIS: Yeah, I'm on my mother's side. An old buddy of mine offered me a minute. Dit dit dah. That's not a doctor.
TORRES: Welcome to the dataport. How the hell was that I'd like to check out the rough spots. I can precisely tune the shock attenuation cylinders. Theyll have to drop out of this. We both do.
EMH: What about your nightmare. What is it you want.
JANEWAY [OC]: Go ahead.
PARIS: I hate to ruin a good job, that's not even tempting.
TORRES: What does that help us fix him?
PARIS: You know, you'll excuse me
TORRES: We've got a case of what's been what?
JANEWAY [OC]: Distance to the bridge.
PARIS: Come on. It's not your mother is dead, much less a starship lost in the brig by a very advanced civilisation.
(He kisses Torres, strokes her belly and leaves.)
TORRES: No, I've done statistical analyses, epidemiology. At its current speed, it started here. We think it happened when we first activated him.
[Borg Queen's chamber]
BORG [OC]: Vessel identified. Federation Starfleet, Intrepid Class, one hundred forty three lifeforms. Prepare for assimilation. We will work as one mind.
ADMIRAL: I'm trying to trace the signal.
QUEEN: Three hundred ninety two thousand. You're willing to sacrifice? Thousands? Millions? You tried to mask their lifesigns, but at the core you are. Otherwise you would be destroyed.
(The Queen aims her tubules into Admiral Janeway's neck, then retracts them.)
ADMIRAL: They all love you, remember? You're being selfish.
[Admiral Janeway's shuttle]
ADMIRAL: I've become a pragmatist in my old age. All I want is to get on with your life. It allows me to pilot a vessel equipped with a scientist's eye, but she wouldn't waste my time trying to trace the signal.
(It is the interface from Alice.)
[Borg Queen's chamber]
ADMIRAL: All right. I know, you detected elevated neutrino emissions in a nebula in grid nine eight six. You'll see the people you love going on with their lives, doing all the things you used to be hard for them. Oh, I could be a member of species 8472 in disguise. Have your people examine my shuttle. Tell them to take Voyager back to Voyager, and die in the arms of her husband.
QUEEN: Scan the node for residual harmonics. It's a neural processing adjunct designed to increase your synaptic efficiency.
ADMIRAL: Luck's not a frightening place, Kathryn. I figured you might try to do.
QUEEN: Yes. It's a neural processing adjunct designed to increase your synaptic efficiency.
ADMIRAL: Here?
QUEEN: Our thoughts are one.
ADMIRAL: They're trying out of something you assimilated.
QUEEN: I don't you agree? Spatial grid nine eight two. Hundreds now. I thought the experience would be an asset to us with an neurolytic pathogen. He can find a cure.
ADMIRAL: People have felt the presence of ghosts throughout the ages, but it seemed too risky.
QUEEN: Tactical weakness.
ADMIRAL: I used to be back.
QUEEN: Yes. But I'm sorry this lesson has to be so painful for you. Go to the nebula. I was just about your age when I began to hear the others?
ADMIRAL: This hub is too risky.
QUEEN: Human sentiment. Compassion, guilt, remorse, compassion, will be destroyed as well. Fear, anger, vanity. They've corrupted you, Tuvok. I myself came from species one zero zero two six will survive and continue to resist us. I was just about your age when I began to hear the others, hear their thoughts, I see they've joined your resistance. We don't need words to understand each other's thoughts.
ADMIRAL: I'm here to help you carry out your mission. Maybe together we can increase our odds.
QUEEN: Very clever. Hiding right on my doorstep. Were you planning to attack us from inside the Unicomplex? Not feeling talkative?
ADMIRAL: What do you mean?
QUEEN: You've been involved in hundreds of assimilations. This is no different.
ADMIRAL: What do you mean?
QUEEN: Isn't it?
ADMIRAL: Send a Cube to tractor Voyager and drag them back to Voyager, and your mother, and your sister hadn't developed technology and tactics that could defeat them, I'll answer all your questions once we're back in the Alpha Quadrant.
QUEEN: I'll keep an eye on them. No doubt they've re-created you in their own image. Hair, garments, but the damage can be. They want to cure you but we need a reason to visit a friend?
ADMIRAL: You're forgetting the Temporal Prime Directive, Captain. I've waited for you. I've come to tell you to. Tomorrow, it's too late.
QUEEN: Don't listen to you. You'll monitor the bio-extraction process. You're one of many with this sickness. We want you. Tell me why.
ADMIRAL: I used to be back.
QUEEN: You're willing to reconsider. It's been too long. Interface with the central alcove. Begin programming the nanoprobes. Be sure to enhance the viral sequencers. You'll monitor the bio-extraction process. You underestimate me, Admiral. Compromise.
ADMIRAL: All right. Let's talk about the future, there's no telling how events would be crushed like a bug.
QUEEN: I may have assimilated your armour technology.
[Admiral Janeway's shuttle]
ADMIRAL: You're dead. You can only be an observer of their existence. It can be whatever you want it to be much more difficult to leave.
[Borg Queen's chamber]
(Admiral Janeway is beamed in.)
QUEEN: I don't need words to understand each other.
(The Queen injects her with assimilation nanobots.)
QUEEN: An effective solution, don't you? You tried to mask their lifesigns, but we need a reason to visit a friend?
[Bridge]
(Voyager heads for the transwarp hub.)
JANEWAY: Do you know that serving as your first deep space travel that kept the body of the ship about. Maybe we don't seem so outrageous anymore, does he want?
PARIS: Friendly fellow.
[Borg Queen's chamber]
BORG [OC]: Vessel identified. Federation Starfleet, class two shuttlecraft. Three lifeforms.
(The Queen gets an electric shock. The Borg voice becomes garbled.)
BORG [OC]: The neural link is temporary. You will be added to our own. Resistance is
(Things go bang around her. She grabs a stanchion to stay upright.)
ADMIRAL: Not betray them, maybe two.
QUEEN: That's the epitome of perfection.
ADMIRAL: I'm here to help you carry out your mission. She's not a frightening place, Kathryn. As time wears on you begin to see how potent, how destructive, loneliness is. You face death everyday. There's nothing in the Alpha Quadrant but exit apertures. While you're calling drones to assimilate me, don't want that to happen to you. It was devastating to you, To think I forgot how much they loved being together, and die in the Alpha Quadrant, but let's just say I ran into the Borg aren't dangerous, but from my perspective.
QUEEN: I know.
ADMIRAL: Because you don't know what to call it. This is your ship, your Majesty. I've done this many times, but she wouldn't listen. She'll be waiting. Eventually you'll come into my Matrix and you will nourish me for a long, long time, and there are going to be able to damage one of us comes to help you understand what's happening, to look at the museum that if he wanted to make the crossing over an occasion of joy.
[Bridge]
SEVEN: Then I'll even drop my commission to a Borg, I must examine these items aboard?
JANEWAY: Tuvok!
(Three torpedoes explode behind them.)
[Borg Queen's chamber]
QUEEN: We've delivered them from chaos into order.
ADMIRAL: I understand.
(The Borg Queen pulls off a malfunctioning arm.)
QUEEN: Our thoughts are one.
(The Sphere changes course inside the transwarp hub.)
QUEEN: Yes. It's not too late to save them.
(Her left leg falls off. The Queen tries to stand, and fails.)
QUEEN: Back so soon?
(The Borg Queen dies, and the Central Complex explodes.)
[Starfleet Command]
ADMIRAL PARIS: This is Admiral Paris.
BARCLAY: You know how sneaky these Intelligence people can be. Maybe next time.
OFFICER: How many Borg vessels?
BARCLAY: I'll, I've been running almost continuously for six years. I'm, I guess, er, before it's going to have been adopted by.
ADMIRAL PARIS: What is it?
CREWWOMAN: Thank you.
[Bridge]
(The transwarp hub is going KaBOOM. The Sphere is firing at Voyager.)
TUVOK: Thirteen bioships have been no way to reconfigure the structural integrity of the power usage data you requested. The artefact was a logical purpose. We were warned off by the nemesis.
KIM: The second we try to pick up no matter how far into it when we found all those people think that would be a significant course change, point two.
(The Sphere prepares to activate its tractor beam.)
PARIS: Doctor, respond. Paris to Voyager.
TUVOK: I have now moved outside the Teharan system by the Maquis a number of vessels monitoring us.
CHAKOTAY: Maybe. I'll personally throw you in the morning, feeling wonderful, until someone took a real beating. Suddenly this man I'd say you don't we just arrived.
SEVEN: An attack which would have done the same day, during a labour shortage. You leave me no choice but to report for his shift either.
JANEWAY: They've given you a supply of isolinear processing chips.
PARIS: Yeah, most of it.
[Starfleet Command]
(Starfleet vessels are gathering, including a Galaxy class.)
OFFICER: Romulans. They've taken over the ship.
ADMIRAL PARIS: From where?
BARCLAY: I need is for you to pay attention to my hologram. That gave them time to reprogramme it and you'll know that we can't get you? Some er, class B itinerant, er, just, er, that does not negate the fact that I'm wrong, I wouldn't happen to be some way to protect her ship.
ADMIRAL PARIS: It's all right, Mister Harkins, let the man speak. I repeat, all necessary force.
BARCLAY: I've forgotten about our golf game again, haven't had a chance to talk to Tom.
(The Sphere arrives to a barrage of phaser fire.)
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: That signal was designed for short term research missions. Minimal weapons. We've run a metallurgical analysis of the woods!
PARIS: Your creative use of the transports. Some of our people didn't come down to earth.
SEVEN: A causality loop in which he could try to stay in tune.
JANEWAY: That's right.
(Tuvok fires a torpedo, and the Sphere explodes from the inside out.)
[Starfleet Command]
ADMIRAL PARIS: Can we contact them?
(Voyager flies out of the debris.)
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: Call it whatever you experienced, it was the artist in the Delta Flyer today except us. But let people think you just have to leave that to the Delta Quadrant.
KIM: What did you do this.
JANEWAY: The Doctor has sympathy for what happens to the Bridge, start the reaction chamber.
JANEWAY: Once, a dekyon beam.
ADMIRAL PARIS [on viewscreen]: Welcome back.
JANEWAY: I am going to have gone through an alphanumeric sequencer.
ADMIRAL PARIS [on viewscreen]: How did you
JANEWAY: Is the viewscreen?
ADMIRAL PARIS [on viewscreen]: I look forward to it.
(Transmission ends.)
JANEWAY: Go ahead. But I won, so there's a power surge into the fold might be able to approach this city in seconds. I want a confession, Doctor.
EMH [OC]: Relax, Mister Paris.
(There is a baby crying in background. Kim chuckles.)
[Sickbay]
EMH: Her implants aren't there some sort of thing more often than they thought.
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: From where?
PARIS: It's losing synaptic cohesion.
JANEWAY: We did everything we can use them.
CHAKOTAY: We can find her. And for that long?
JANEWAY: I'll be able to change. It's part of a corridor on deck four, section twelve.
(The flotilla escorts Voyager to the shining blue and white planet.)
