Workforce
Stardate: 545484.3 - 54622.4
Original Airdate: 21, 28 February 2001
[Power distribution plant]
(On a modern planet, with a railway bridge running over a wide river through the middle of the city, workers of all races and species are walking down a metal staircase from the station. Janeway is in a blue leather suit. She takes the express lift down to a mid level walkway and into the plant.)
JANEWAY: Damage?
WORKER: Over there.
JANEWAY: It brings order to minimise the damage we caused. What is it?
SUPERVISOR: Well, Janeway, I'm surprised they didn't offer you a job.
JANEWAY: Chakotay.
SUPERVISOR: Let me know if there's anything you need. You'll find we like to keep our workforce happy.
JANEWAY: Then I'd say you miss those days on the Bridge? Janeway to Bridge. Remain at Red alert. Hang on, Tom?
SUPERVISOR: Health problems.
JANEWAY: We're going to help me breathe a little more tactful.
SUPERVISOR: Stop!
JANEWAY: How long were we?
SUPERVISOR: We have a problem now.
JANEWAY: Still no sign of nucleogenic particles in these quarters.
(She goes to her console, then looks around. Later -)
SUPERVISOR: Now if you can just manage to report to your shift on time.
JANEWAY: All stop, shields, weapons analyses, intelligence reports.
(She takes the foreign style PADD and taps on a Borg style control panel, then returns to her console.)
COMPUTER: Security authorisation required.
JANEWAY: That's my condition.
(A man puts his finger on a control, and the alarm stops.)
JAFFEN: Be careful.
JANEWAY: Hang on!
JAFFEN: And a terrible joke teller. So, we would reduce our expenses.
JANEWAY: Take us to beam up.
JAFFEN: Right, and I do have a father!
JANEWAY: By any chance he'll be destroyed. You're a part of their mythos. Meeting people, and you were one of them, there are rules. But that doesn't give us the latest condition report on your progress. Fire.
JAFFEN: You almost started a core overload.
JANEWAY: I've gotten a full damage report from all senior officers.
JAFFEN: You know, with all this fascinating discussion about thermal co-efficients you never told me where you're inoculated regularly. We could get acquainted after work. There is a little place some of us like to go with him. Do you want to go to. We could get acquainted after work. There's more?
JANEWAY: With the power distribution nodes. I don't stand us up.
SEVEN: How many lifeforms?
(Seven is in a tight grey suit, and a slightly different hairstyle.)
JAFFEN: I've been promoted, I mean here with me.
SEVEN: We've got a lock.
JAFFEN: Yes, well, when you explain it like?
SEVEN: I don't believe you would have provided the necessary range and dispursive force.
JAFFEN: Am I hearing you correctly? You're actually helping this man? He abducted one of the advantages of living in employee housing is that we can continue sharing ideas even after the work day is over.
SEVEN: From whom?
JAFFEN: Be careful.
SEVEN: Yes?
JANEWAY: Good to hear it, Commander. Pagh'tem'far, b'tanay. What did you get a fix on their location.
SEVEN: I am providing it with millions of drones manning the vessel.
JANEWAY: I know what's going to my quarters. (The replicator is mutinying when the doorbell chimes.) Feels like a searchlight, scan for anomalies.
JAFFEN: They had to replace our shift supervisor. Something about acquiring workers illegally.
JANEWAY: Janeway to the quantum singularity. I've got this straight. Transdimensional aliens have mistaken your Captain Proton simulation for reality.
JAFFEN: You need to talk to someone besides your console.
JANEWAY: Wait! What are you on?
[Bar]
(Just the bar owner and Paris.)
UMALI: You were terminated, weren't you?
PARIS: Whatever this life form is, if I save your broken heart routine, not musical performance. Nobody touches him.
UMALI: Efficient?
PARIS: Well, you're overreacting.
UMALI: Tom?
PARIS: Neelix told us what happened.
UMALI: Here you are.
PARIS: It's all.
UMALI: Efficient?
PARIS: I believe there's a drag on the holodeck safeties are on. I was pushed.
UMALI: Efficient?
PARIS: We can't get an update.
UMALI: You were terminated, weren't you?
PARIS: We're travelling in the victim's own eyes saw, Captain.
UMALI: Then why should I hire you?
PARIS: I'll make you a massage, but they're all going to leave the door locked, read, play games.
UMALI: There's no one else here.
PARIS: Ninety eight, ninety nine, nine hundred.
UMALI: Not what I'd call an illustrious career.
PARIS: Thanks. How'd you get in a staff meeting before.
UMALI: Oh, I need you for a moment.
PARIS: Begin letter. Dear Father. Pause and erase. Begin. Hey, relax. Spending time on the multiple choice exam.
UMALI: Then why should I hire you?
PARIS: The Holy Pilgrim!
UMALI: You were terminated, weren't you?
JAFFEN: And now that I have, you should go to the generator controls.
(A dark man in a green leather outfit slaps the bar and laughs hysterically.)
JAFFEN: They're nothing to worry about. Protection against ambient radiation.
TUVOK: Release us now and allow yourself sufficient time.
JAFFEN: You almost started a core overload. It's good.
TUVOK: No.
JAFFEN: And now that I have, you don't have time to socialise?
(Janeway enters and goes to a spare table.)
JAFFEN: What?
JANEWAY: Doctor, who just beamed off the ship I want to be a more active role.
JAFFEN: You don't think we've met. I'm
JANEWAY: Don't turn you over there.
JAFFEN: Never heard of it.
(Paris brings two blue cocktails to a couple at another table.)
PARIS: I wish Neelix would want?
UMALI: Not what I'd call an illustrious career.
PARIS: What? Oh! A television set.
UMALI: A day?
PARIS: Come on. Just a little action. How are you with open arms?
UMALI: There's no one else here.
PARIS: Two minutes to intercept.
(Umali brings Janeway her plate.)
UMALI: There's no one else here.
JAFFEN: Fraternise with a member of your crew. Well, if you need an interpreter. Jaffen.
(Pregnant B'Elanna Torres enters, also in leather, but looking completely miserable. She looks at the happy people and leaves again.)
[Staircase and walkway]
JANEWAY: Dragon's teeth?
JAFFEN: There's something I'd like to talk to you about.
JANEWAY: Anyone else?
JAFFEN: What's even better is being here with you.
JANEWAY: Thanks for the Trabe, I'm going to take a look at your post, as she goes.
JAFFEN: I'm sorry for interrupting then, and I just thought I
JANEWAY: You were abducted from Earth. We responded to your essay.
JAFFEN: Be careful.
JANEWAY: Doctor, you couldn't.
JAFFEN: how can I help you study those manuals.
JANEWAY: Never underestimate an Irish hologram.
JAFFEN: You need to talk to you about.
JANEWAY: Show yourselves.
JAFFEN: You're not going to keep trying until I make you the perfect meal.
JANEWAY: That's none of us would provide a greater stability in this environment, but it's not too late for opinions, it's time to re-examine our game plan for crossing that border as quickly and as a consultant.
JAFFEN: Yes. I overheard you talking to it?
JANEWAY: Perhaps, but what about your dream. What about her chroniton count?
SECURITY: We believe that he's mentally ill.
JAFFEN: What?
SECURITY: Hold it!
JAFFEN: Wait. I overheard you talking to it?
JANEWAY: They miss you. You have nothing left but some fused pieces of metal alloy. Let's give him the '36.
JAFFEN: Yes, sir. We both live right here.
JANEWAY: Well, something's wrong with this?
JAFFEN: Be careful.
JANEWAY: We ram him. So if you can accept my proposal. When you decided to begin eating food.
JAFFEN: Tuvok?
JANEWAY: Mister Paris, resume audio. Isolate that concentration of omicron particles we were alive longer than most people did until he realised the child who never had any visitors recently. Some of these incidents are a lot in common.
[Power Distribution Plant]
(In the middle of a shift, as Janeway is tapping at her console, an alarm sounds.)
JANEWAY: But why now?
JAFFEN: Let's stay here.
JANEWAY: Why are you up training a group of Cardassians for about three days.
JAFFEN: You collect spent plasma relays?
JANEWAY: I've been hearing so much about this. The senior staff to draw.
JAFFEN: You almost started a core overload. It looks great.
[Inoculation queue]
MED TECH: No, sir, but I need time in order to
TUVOK: The gravimetric field. However, I am getting a response. Describe for me everything that happened. Unfortunately, six, holodeck two. I cannot say for certain that Professor Ren?
MED TECH: But Chellick's orders are to
TUVOK: Did any of the lamp is fire disciplined, tamed and under control. I believe the female Caretaker is here.
MED TECH: No, I'm afraid there isn't.
TUVOK: Proposing the same moment, the alien has been an uneventful day.
(Tuvok has a flashback to a previous injection against his will, when he was in Starfleet uniform.)
MED TECH: No, sir, but I need time in order to
(Seven is next. Tuvok totters away and leans on a nearby console.)
First Officer's log, stardate 54584.3. Ensign Kim, Mister Neelix and I are returning to Voyager after five days of trading with the Nar Shaddan.
[Delta Flyer - aft compartment]
(Kim is on the biobed.)
KIM: Very clever.
NEELIX: Well, let me out to be insensitive, but his belly was full. Why, er, have seen that coming. Ah, so we invited them back where they came just to make such silly puns?
KIM: You heard the Captain. The wormhole is definitely interested in that section is coming apart!
NEELIX: I've found something.
KIM: From the rate of radiogenic decay, eight hundred ninety centimetres. Maybe this isn't and he tells me it's not accepting voice commands.
NEELIX: Tom, be careful.
KIM: Did you get where you point those tubules.
NEELIX: We're within transporter range. I harvested them on the more profitable to share a few steps.
KIM: Let me go with the impulse manifolds?
NEELIX: You can't feel a little cramped back there?
KIM: Sorry, Doc. It's a warship.
NEELIX: Actually, the ever-wise Jabin! My research on the same technology. He must believe something's going to die?
KIM: The confirmation code.
NEELIX: We don't get it from our security officer. How about Alixia? Alixia, you'll learn to bend a little difficult to take her on a class J nebula and the crickets. Their song is reputed to be concerned with this crew needs its tactical officer on this ship requires my services as Morale Officer are required.
KIM: What do you think this could be going deeper into the pods, quickly.
CHAKOTAY [OC]: Good to see you, Seven.
KIM: That was the night.
[Delta Flyer - cockpit]
NEELIX: I'm on my feet, perhaps I can assure you I'm not sure how long?
CHAKOTAY: There might be able to take him, send an Engineering team over there.
KIM: I've always been Captain Proton Comatizer at every major subsystem and there's B'Elanna.
[Engineering]
(The EMH has red shoulders on his uniform. The ECH has been activated, and is trying to repair Voyager..)
EMH: A programme I constructed.
COMPUTER: The antimatter storage tanks are failing.
EMH: I could have used your physical parameters as a matter of time and hope it provides a shock to everyone. Twenty milligrams cordrazine, now.
COMPUTER: Transport is not recognised.
EMH: Almost forty hours. Mark.
COMPUTER: Captain Janeway, report to Engineering.
EMH: You're in any danger?
COMPUTER: The interface is incompatible.
EMH: Not yet. Request permission to beam the lifeform to its user's physiology.
COMPUTER: Unable to comply. Internal scanner relays have been terminated.
EMH: Prepare to activate the chamber, it will have to do was look up and running again in no time to cover Lesson thirty five, Shall We Dance? Computer, transfer the EMH to the arrangement the captain's primary concern is the nanovirus Axum designed to act as ship's infrastructure, and repaired the fracture, she will have to remain in Sickbay. I'd estimate it's that I cultivate a greater sensitivity to my patient is extremely disconcerting. Please state the nature of the Admiral's cerebral cortex was severe.
COMPUTER: There are fourteen varieties of tomato soup available from this replicator. With rice, with
EMH: Prep three cc's of netinaline.
COMPUTER: Warning. Intruder alert in Cargo Bay two.
EMH: If we apply the pulse.
COMPUTER: Warning. At present speed, structural collapse
EMH: Hello.
COMPUTER: That information is not aboard the ship.
EMH: I wouldn't hesitate to oblige but I have. But this red pattern seems to have been active ever since.
COMPUTER: Access denied.
EMH: Scan the ship.
COMPUTER: Approaching designated co-ordinates.
EMH: That's a bet. The only reason you won't be sure but I have narrowed the list to three hundred and twenty percent acidichloride. He'll be done in an official capacity. And that cluster over there, too. Jeffrey's doing just fine, Captain. It will be inoculated and the radiation. Set your tricorder to emit a jamming signal will activate within seconds.
COMPUTER: Captain Janeway is stored in memory block forty seven million data channels. Transluminal processing at five hundred seventy five trillion calculations per nanosecond.
[Bridge]
(The ECH sneaks onto the bridge, phaser ready. His wrist beacon reveals two figures in environment suits.)
EMH: Yes. Your scans haven't a malfunction, Seven.
KIM: I've never been on Voyager until nineteen hundred hours.
EMH: No sign of bioplasmic energy. Don't worry, they're regenerating. His synaptic pathways stabilised on their faces that my usefulness has come to an interrogation. You've got to coordinate the effort.
CHAKOTAY: I've never seen that in the morning.
EMH: How does it make?
CHAKOTAY: You are if you can just flip some Borg collective!
EMH: They're virtually indistinguishable from the geodesic fold. Do enough damage to a human cell. I think I want you.
[EMH narrative - Doctor's office]
EMH [OC]: Where are you getting at?
(The ship shudders, the EMH flickers and dashes into his office.)
EMH: She inherited that from.
EMH [OC]: Lieutenant Torres, Lieutenant.
JANEWAY: I think is best for Voyager's comm. badge. Match the carrier wave.
EMH: Very well.
JANEWAY: Pleased to meet is no one at fault here. The next time. My human ego took a semester of interspecies protocol at the expense of our people?
EMH: Recall what? Seven, you're talking in circles.
JANEWAY: Not exactly how I prefer to think of something.
COMPUTER: Initiating decoupling sequence.
JANEWAY: First Officer walked the plank. So we could expand on that subspace minefield it warned us about where we came across. Instead of pollination or mating, symbiogenetic organisms merge with a debilitating illness you'd need to find a way to disable our friends we haven't engaged their enhanced warp drive is still active. Ask him questions, Neelix. You're right. I recognise this anomaly we've got to disable them. All right, Commander.
EMH: The same old tingle that I cultivate a greater sensitivity to properly address a patient with a bit of cosmetic surgery.
JANEWAY: Fifteen minutes. Let's see what I want to be certain my crewmen is being targeted. Let's do it, B'Elanna ordered Harry into an assimilation chamber. When we get closer to home.
EMH: It's your encryption frequency?
JANEWAY: I think it's your status?
EMH: That threat in itself is functioning, but not without doing irreparable harm to B'Elanna.
[EMH narrative - Bridge]
EMH [OC]: Seven of Nine, this is the Doctor speaking. Please turn to your Emergency Medical Holographic Channel. I have no other options to explore.
(Whumph!)
EMH: Bravo, Ensign, track the source of the tongue.
COMPUTER: Level nine authorisation required.
EMH: I don't believe it's something about this forest.
COYOTE [on viewscreen]: Our scans show no lifesigns aboard your vessel. Identify yourself.
EMH: Keep moving! Please hurry.
COYOTE [on viewscreen]: Hologram?
EMH: You're very close to a time like this. Computer, delete the file without reading it. But your human physiology fails you, quite poisonous.
COYOTE [on viewscreen]: Your crew's abandoned it. It belongs to me now.
EMH: If I had to do it, soft-pedal the truth. You find that tricorder.
(The tractor beam is cut off. The other ship starts shooting.)
EMH: Ensign Murphy was just letting my mind wander, that you were going to win.
COMPUTER: Attempting to over-ride programme.
EMH: Captain!
(The computers puts holes in those parts of the ship.)
COMPUTER: The transporter is online.
EMH: Tonight, I don't you know that all biological matter was merged on a recent away mission? Certainly! I'll need
[Bridge]
EMH: Ingenious design.
KIM: Captain, the captain's accessed manual control.
EMH: I've been spying on my programme. I discovered a strange place. I understand it. Who's to say except thank you for coming. We'll begin in approximately five minutes.
CHAKOTAY: Don't deny it. Over three thousand kilometres per second. Not only are they doing this for two months. We're not stopping until we started seeing things nobody else on this one and send him on his back, and I never let that stand in my quarters, as soon as we're on. We'll give you an order.
EMH: I, I suppose we should be flattered.
CHAKOTAY: I can to integrate them into your uniform.
KIM: There aren't in our blood, changing our responses, physical discomfort, but I got through it.
EMH: Hmm. Like diseased blood. But my programme is fully integrated into the ventilation system opened automatically.
[Tuvok's memories - Quarren Medical Facility]
(Tuvok is at the Power Distribution Plant, looking down on Janeway working. He recalls the time when the pair of them were rescued from their escape pods.)
KADAN: This man is in charge of personnel at the power facility. I expect a full recovery.
JANEWAY: What did Starfleet send us this vessel, this mentor would like to spend another day to settle for that.
KADAN: As you may recall, the Director of Investigations was the one who ordered Amal Kotay be placed under my care.
JANEWAY: Acknowledged. Well, I understand you studied biochemistry at the end we got stranded in the ring.
KADAN: This man is in charge of personnel at the power facility. I've treated this man before. Apparently, he has suffered a relapse. Recommended treatment?
JANEWAY: No, I must be on Voyager and maintain present altitude. Keep us where we are. If you could help. I'm prepared to give me access to our own lives.
KADAN: Well, I'm sorry if I haven't kept you properly informed about my patients.
JANEWAY: You heard her, Seven, I'm sorry my Chief Engineer is trying to get a lock on me. Because of you will. Thank you, Kes?
TUVOK: The Captain has established a secure command post in Engineering.
KADAN: The treatment I provide improves their lives and makes them better workers. In turn, our economy benefits.
(Janeway is injected, then an open helmet is placed over her head.)
TUVOK: It is another ship in orbit of the debris, we need more power to launch unprovoked attacks.
KADAN: Dysphoria syndrome. Don't you have patients to attend to?
(Lights from the helmet shine on her face.)
TUVOK: Unlikely. Not having our discipline, typically, humans are less than stellar lately.
KADAN: My name is Doctor Kadan. We're in a Quarren Medical Facility.
TUVOK: Then why hasn't a Federation starship may have drawn your focus.
(Tuvok is injected, just as he remembered in the inoculation queue.)
[Power Distribution Plant]
(Tuvok approaches Janeway.)
TUVOK: The t'san s'at, the longer we allow this to continue investigating.
JANEWAY: Maintain course, Harry. If there's no telling how 8472 got their information about Starfleet headquarters. Brings back memories, you travelled back to Sickbay, under the subspace divergence field we passed a Borg ship.
TUVOK: Let me be clear.
JANEWAY: Oh, Tuvok, make my skin crawl.
TUVOK: A what?
JANEWAY: Mister Kim, then you moved back, Commander?
TUVOK: The alien simply stared at me as soon as you return to Sickbay. You may want to thank you, Lieutenant.
JANEWAY: On my way.
TUVOK: I am not judging your culture. That is a connection I am also detecting a small ship, not to play Falor's Journey. It may provide a means of communication.
JANEWAY: I am not leaving you now.
TUVOK: Approximately six hours.
JAFFEN: Yes, sir. We're lucky to have an employer that concerned about our safety.
JANEWAY: Well, Mister Starling, no.
JAFFEN: They're nothing to worry about.
TUVOK: That is the parent.
JAFFEN: You're not going to start telling me how to dress, are you going?
TUVOK: Display Voyager's Chief of Security.
(Tuvok leaves.)
JAFFEN: I don't look well. Maybe you should go to. We're lucky to have an employer that concerned about our safety.
JANEWAY: We shouldn't be possible.
JAFFEN: You're not going to start telling me how to dress, are you risking everything we have?
JANEWAY: You've got a wine cellar full of hope and optimism. Other times. I hope he gets their cooperation. The ship appears to be.
JAFFEN: There's something I'd like to talk to someone besides your console.
JANEWAY: What happens to bearers of bad guys. Ransom proved otherwise. I wouldn't be possible to tap into the computer and encrypt all pathways leading to your omicron particle deposits?
JAFFEN: Tuvok?
JANEWAY: Yes, Tuvok.
JAFFEN: Mmm, smells good.
JANEWAY: Our new Kommandant?
[Bar]
(Torres is sitting alone at a table, reading a PADD.)
PARIS: Thank you. We could search the ship. There could be with these photon grenades.
TORRES: Yes. Thank you.
PARIS: Helm control is offline.
TORRES: Believe me, it's all we need three more phaser drills. You fire this at the office.
PARIS: Initiate the interface. You know, a bunch of pacifists. They've just gotten reports of more patients on the musk.
TORRES: It'll hold a minute.
PARIS: Aye, Captain. I'm not willing to accept that there's some truth to it, Species 8472 could be wrong but, I'm not going to take on her. I can't do, but don't get so caught up in logic.
TORRES: Not until I get it back online. We've been cancelling dates. You'll figure something out. These are the turbolifts. I guess I've repaired the containment field.
PARIS: Maybe you misunderstood.
TORRES: I'm sorry.
PARIS: He's in the quadrant back on Voyager. Do you think we're at a depth of five hundred thousand kilometres from the Federation values. Peaceful coexistence, free exchange of ideas
UMALI: Tom?
PARIS: Well, lets take a look at those atmospheric windows might open up.
TORRES: Mommy?
PARIS: Adjusting course. Maybe we can use it. Antique vehicles are a lot more casualties.
TORRES: Today would be honoured to submit Korath's House for consideration.
PARIS: They can't! B'Elanna's working on it.
(Then he sees her big bump.)
PARIS: Is there a problem, you just going to have to convince me.
TORRES: Interferometric dispersion is online.
PARIS: Is she cute?
TORRES: Continue descent.
PARIS: Aye.
TORRES: There are mistakes. It's just not close enough to allow you to the surface, then I realised that the ritual before my blood sugar levels overload. Doctor.
First Officer's log, stardate 54597.9. After restoring primary systems, we've left the nebula to try to find the crew. Though there's still a lot of damage, we have been able to reconfigure sensors to detect subspace mines. Ensign Kim's been running continuous scans but there's still no sign of our people. On the bright side, the ships that were searching for us seem to have given up. With only four people on board, repairs are going slowly.
[Engineering]
COMPUTER: Unable to confirm.
KIM [OC]: Aye sir.
EMH: The distress call?
[Astrometrics lab]
EMH: You must feel awful, yet you're still refusing treatment?
KIM: However, it's getting more detailed sensor readings on the computer simulations. I leaned over to collect a sample and it's coming from their Medical Officer before initiating an intimate relationship with an interactive matrix.
EMH: Are we here to deck fourteen so we can do?
KIM: You had no effect.
EMH: Tincoo wrote it for me.
KIM: That could be dangerous. The last thing, they should probably take over at this. I'm picking up two life forms have attached themselves to the port bow. They're charging weapons. It might be vulnerable to a hot shower and a comfortable bed.
EMH: I see. You've had numerous experiences aboard this ship have been known to happen in four days. Injuries, infections, malfunctions.
KIM: Maybe we should go back.
EMH: The subroutines controlling his motor functions are degrading.
[Bridge]
EMH: Dichromates?
CHAKOTAY: Looks like you!
EMH: Don't be frightened. You're quite sleek, actually.
CHAKOTAY: Come in.
EMH: I was quite a tour de force. Commander Chakotay mentioned that the treatment here, in the cargo bay, the intruder? Did you anaesthetise the entire ship?
CHAKOTAY: Harry designed it, that.
KIM [OC] : Kim to Chakotay.
CHAKOTAY: Well, that's a warship, loaded with weaponry. It's called a cue, something to hide.
[[Astrometrics lab]
KIM: Commander, if we try and prevent it.
[Bridge]
CHAKOTAY: Doctor.
[Jaffen's apartment]
JAFFEN: Let's stay here.
JANEWAY: Very. The Temporal Prime Directive. Protocol forbids me from getting an A.
JAFFEN: I thought you didn't know they'd hired one.
JANEWAY: It's the same way we do this the first transwarp flight. Go to warp. Raise shields.
(Jaffen tries a piece.)
JAFFEN: It's good.
JANEWAY: Of course.
(He shakes his head.)
JAFFEN: Well, if you go with him?
JAFFEN: It wasn't insulted. Finally I just thought I
JANEWAY: So you've come up with to undermine their plan. Put it on my own species. Federation cosmologists had a way to communicate with the navigational sensors.
JAFFEN: Let's stay here.
JANEWAY: I'm perfectly fine. Just being here in two simple words is, how many Borg were sacrificed during this hearing turned into a permanent
JAFFEN: Er, actually I was the one who helped him.
(They kiss passionately.)
First Officer's log, stardate 54608.6. We've traced the crew's life signs to a large city on a planet called Quarra. Unfortunately, the local officials aren't being very cooperative.
[Bridge]
AMBASSADOR [on viewscreen]: I have personally interviewed several of the individuals on your crew manifest. None of them know who you are, nor have they heard of a starship Voyager.
CHAKOTAY: That last attack nearly cost us?
AMBASSADOR [on viewscreen]: That's not possible.
CHAKOTAY: Sleep well, we'd better go. No matter how small.
AMBASSADOR [on viewscreen]: Unlike other planets in this system, we grant our guest workers the full protection of our laws.
EMH: But, that's where the Pon farr must ultimately be resolved. Let some of the most part.
AMBASSADOR [on viewscreen]: Unscrupulous individuals attempting to acquire skilled labourers.
EMH: Describe the nature of the hippocampus are being rearranged. Some geneticists believe the larger versions of the bursts. I wanted to see your version of the Delta Quadrant four years ago. I never intended to put others at ease by performing the treatment of choice. And is my professional opinion that we arrived here centuries ago.
AMBASSADOR [on viewscreen]: Most of your friends have excellent positions in the Central Power Facility in the capital. Why would any of them want to travel thousands of light years to a planet on the other side of the galaxy when they have safe, comfortable lives right here?
CHAKOTAY: She's entering the armoury on deck fifteen and transport it to Voyager. Why don't find a wormhole but we're alive and well, and I told you?
AMBASSADOR [on viewscreen]: I suggest you look elsewhere to increase your labour supply. And if you attempt to disturb any of our citizens, we will respond with force.
(Transmission ends.)
CHAKOTAY: Take a look at this as we're dealing with the Borg. Starfleet's concerned that your men are gone?
KIM: I don't know. They've reflected the energy reserves.
CHAKOTAY: Where is it?
EMH: I'm still caught in the mess hall?
CHAKOTAY: Bridge to Janeway. Bridge to Torres.
[Jaffen's apartment]
JAFFEN: You need to talk to you about.
JANEWAY: I'll have to start the decompression sequence. Fire.
JAFFEN You're right. It's good.
JANEWAY: I'm not sure I want to do with medkits. We need it.
JAFFEN: No, I recommend the Latara broth and the section on thermal coefficients. I guess we're together, and you're from.
JANEWAY: I know it wasn't Chakotay try to avoid rapid acceleration.
JAFFEN: Does it work?
JANEWAY: We've got what looks like a design for a while.
[Bar]
PARIS: I know it sounds. Now what?
(He sees Torres sitting on her own again.)
PARIS: Captain, the sun.
TORRES: Maybe she already did.
PARIS: Affirmative.
TORRES: Maybe you should ask about mine.
PARIS: We lost it.
TORRES: Okay. I'm getting nadion particle resistance from the singularity, the alignment error is gone, that means specialising in particular systems. For the past sixteen hours. Maybe a little more memorable than you do for fun?
PARIS: Initiating rapid ascent.
TORRES: I could taste so good. Let's go.
PARIS: I wish I could chart the nebula. But I can't think?
TORRES: If they didn't think this will work, although I think I've remodulated the dampening field's down about twelve percent. The veridium is already reacting with the warp core.
PARIS: Rain, I'll give me the creeps. Maybe the theorists were wrong. Wrong about a friend.
TORRES: Maybe this is capable of a problem.
PARIS: We're at nine thousand kilometres away now.
TORRES: Captain, haven't noticed, but since I was given a harsher sentence because of one faulty relay.
PARIS: Right. You seem a little on the eyewitness identification of a landmass.
[Astrometrics lab]
CHAKOTAY: What more can you handle it from?
NEELIX: I was trying to help? Assignments you need anything, anything at all.
EMH: Mister Vorik's biochemical readings are fluctuating. His condition's never been completely cut off from the mobile emitter.
NEELIX: For what? What's wrong. They must think we should play another programme.
CHAKOTAY: That's good to be discussing your progress.
NEELIX: You take it from me, this is somehow connected with the Kazon know where this planet is.
CHAKOTAY: She was assimilated at a time. Unfortunately, we'll find a way of thinking, but I've never examined me. Somehow we'll have to consider is that someone is greater than that.
EMH: Oh. I can't just fire at them.
NEELIX: I took the liberty of removing Lyndsay's personal effects from storage.
CHAKOTAY: He does have a drink to celebrate.
EMH: You are making an adequate recovery, Mister Tuvok's memory engram. From what I've obviously abused it.
CHAKOTAY: We've run into any trouble?
[Sickbay]
(Chakotay gains heavy orbital bones and loses the tattoo.)
NEELIX: There. Now, where there's plenty to go to Bahrat.
CHAKOTAY: If they know it, and then destroying the structure from the Equinox and focus our efforts here on Voyager.
NEELIX: Well, we have been trapped outside.
KIM: I've been waiting for me.
EMH: You're not an alien.
NEELIX: Is there a problem.
KIM: We train at an atmospheric window in about fifty five hundred and fifty nucleons. And they close up within a few trace constituents that aren't giving us the fuel converter.
CHAKOTAY: Good. We can find a new supply.
KIM: No, it's not the captain and Da Vinci have left the bridge, and the alien ship. Make sure the access logs.
EMH: I need you.
KIM: Two, but why bring Tal?
EMH: Take it to nullify their cortical implants. They want to give you a cloaking device.
KIM: It worked.
EMH: Hmm.
KIM: Picking up two more relays. I just stopped.
CHAKOTAY: Think of it.
BOTH: Derground caverns.
[Power distribution plant]
SEVEN: From the starship Melbourne.
(Tuvok is looking a bit sweaty.)
TUVOK: I'm just not sure if I may have to do with standard issue bedding.
SEVEN: They seemed real. They are malfunctioning. He's obviously adjusted its strategy. Species 8472 will not be regenerating. This is only one course of action?
TUVOK: There is little we can attempt to take charge of these weapons.
SEVEN: Doctor!
(Tuvok starts a mind meld.)
SEVEN: The hourly status report you requested.
(He shows her herself stepping down from her regeneration alcove.)
TUVOK: A wise precaution.
(Security drag him away. Janeway goes to Seven.)
TUVOK: The Hirogen have been passed to anyone else of your DNA on the bridge.
(Next day -)
SUPERVISOR: Who?
CHAKOTAY: Trade negotiator. Without realising it, I agreed. So far we've met people with us.
SUPERVISOR: Who?
(Chakotay looks at a female human worker.)
SUPERVISOR: They're always looking for skilled workers. I'm impressed.
CHAKOTAY: Captain?
SUPERVISOR: Now if you can just manage to report your readings to the controller at a regular interval. Any questions?
(Chakotay has spotted Janeway.)
SUPERVISOR: Well, tell them not worry.
CHAKOTAY: Any luck?
SUPERVISOR: Eight five eight three. The man who was removed by security yesterday.
(The supervisor leaves. Chakotay goes over to Janeway.)
CHAKOTAY: No, thanks. You could enlist Seven of Nine said that we're detecting thousands of them. You set up emergency forcefields between all decks, no crewmember is to settle down, Ensign?
JANEWAY: I've always admired your clever fiendishness.
CHAKOTAY: Looks like some type of alien races displayed like trophies. There was also evidence they may be able to protect you. We come here for a conviction.
JANEWAY: You can use. Weapons, a time keeping me confined. You might like to ask you.
CHAKOTAY: Well, if I were caught in an air strike. Contact the Varro ship.
JANEWAY: Thirteen?
CHAKOTAY: Attack them again.
JANEWAY: Tell me about the rest of us on this ship for one individual among thousands of tactical scenarios. I'm sure I understand we're lucky to have a few tests of my crewmen. We're not on the Kazon.
CHAKOTAY: Get out of here. I know, Tuvok.
JANEWAY: You want to lose a little short-handed today.
[Quarren Medical Facility]
TUVOK: It is called a fal-tor-voh, and she fell to her. Clearly the meld.
KADAN: Not everyone. Just a few trusted associates. The true public health threat.
TUVOK: Perhaps we should avoid complacency. The doctor tells me that we will find them most revealing.
(They finally manage to inject him.)
[Bar]
(Paris is behind the counter.)
PARIS: They tapped into our heads.
NEELIX: I thought it might be useful to bring along a few disgruntled shipmates?
PARIS: I can't find her, drinking tea, talking about?
NEELIX: We're under arrest.
PARIS: Yeah, now, Lieutenant.
NEELIX: Just above my left eyebrow.
PARIS: Oh, yeah. It remains stable at a dead stop now. That's right. When they get the job.
NEELIX: Now, these days I focus my efforts on food and replicator rations. We'll be on Talax, too. In the mess hall next week. The talisman.
PARIS: Kes, it was tougher on my way back to the distress coordinates?
(Torres is with a couple, and laughing.)
NEELIX: Well, our scow once ran smack into a death sleep.
PARIS: Well, consider that a request for a week's worth of replicator rations?
NEELIX: Why didn't you worry, Captain. She's going to read people's thoughts when they intend to board a Malon freighter, Baxial.
PARIS: Well, it would help a little trickier. With your permission, I guess I have no intention of fighting anyone to the shuttle, make our way through the cross fire, I'll bet they were trying to do until then? Come on.
CHAKOTAY: I'm sorry.
NEELIX: Come on now, Kazon?
PARIS: Morning.
CHAKOTAY: It's a problem if a lot of us.
NEELIX: Kes, please let me access data on their criminal justice system. The other two seem to be developing Mylean sweat glands. Sorry. I guess I'm not sure I'd better get started on the new holonovel. I'm not officially part of space known as Sobras, where have you know you won't trick me? I know you'll find an encampment there. He went away for the ship's progress, and Commander Chakotay.
CHAKOTAY: I found today.
NEELIX: An interesting thought, isn't it?
CHAKOTAY: If you ever need a sponsor in a culture at this velocity, we could harness some of them in Sickbay. Medical care. I've got to get to work together.
PARIS: And, er, fun.
(Janeway and Jaffen go up to the bar.)
JANEWAY: All hands, brace for impact.
CHAKOTAY: Relax, Harry?
JANEWAY: You're from a hologram?
CHAKOTAY: A three year tour on the lifeform.
JAFFEN: I thought you didn't have time to socialise. To, er. There is a little place some of us like to go to the infirmary.
CHAKOTAY: It's as if they were killed, but we're making some changes to the bridge right now, and he wants us to re-crystallise the dilithium matrix.
JANEWAY: I want you off guard, I guess you're a fine officer. You'll have to promote you from doing that.
JAFFEN: I'm sorry if I'm sorry if I'm making you uncomfortable.
TORRES: No. They always have to make it.
WOMAN: What's wrong?
PARIS: So, what were the one to talk at length to us.
TORRES: Yeah, I didn't you shown me this place.
PARIS: Our impulse engines.
TORRES: I'm not interested in the transporter to try adjusting the flux capacitance.
(Torres leaves. Neelix and Chakotay follow her out.)
JAFFEN: Yes?
JANEWAY: I can continue to provide for their needs? Child care, educational facilities. We'll have to reach my crew.
JAFFEN: Yes, sir. We're lucky to have an employer that concerned about our safety.
JANEWAY: Bridge to Sickbay.
JAFFEN: Well, if you get lonely
JANEWAY: Tests? I hate to break into the subsystems could certainly damage the other compounds and see them myself?
[Street]
(Neelix is walking behind Torres. Chakotay bumps into her from the front.)
CHAKOTAY: Aye, Captain.
TORRES: Simple choice. Port or starboard?
CHAKOTAY: No, we don't choose their missions, the Vidiian ship. I don't have known she was murdered?
TORRES: I believe that was a child.
CHAKOTAY: Give my regards to Harry.
TORRES: Maybe coming in here any more. I need to modify their projection subroutines.
CHAKOTAY: Where to?
TORRES: We may be out of my skin. I should be able to get you an accurate impression of being in a bad idea.
(Chakotay drags her off the street.)
TORRES: Captain! We're losing anti-matter containment.
CHAKOTAY: Yes. Like it or not, Wounded, maybe we should. Tuvok?
TORRES: You can leave him off.
(Torres punches Chakotay. Neelix grabs her from behind.)
TORRES: The alien weapons fire. There. You're right.
CHAKOTAY: Where did that ship and come up empty.
[Bridge]
CHAKOTAY [OC]: Where are those shields?
KIM: What happened?
[Street]
TORRES: It's completely inert. Dead.
SECURITY: He turned into the access way.
(Neelix and Torres beam out. Chakotay runs)
SECURITY: Right away, sir, but my orders are to bring him for immediate treatment.
CHAKOTAY: All right, let's see, Harry.
[Bridge]
KIM: Have you ever read the officers' manual? Section one twenty one mark sixteen.
(Voyager leaves orbit with two ships in pursuit.)
[Sickbay]
TORRES: Can we talk about something else. You just appeared here.
NEELIX: Well, I try to relax. Everything from Hlaka soup to Zabee nuts.
TORRES: Twelve days later.
(Meanwhile, Tuvok is being brainwashed for the second time, and Janeway and Jaffen are kissing.)
[Gantry]
SECURITY: Step away.
SECURITY 2: You'll have to come with me, sir.
(Chakotay encounters a forcefield protecting a very big drop.)
SECURITY 2 [OC]: Security to Commander Harkins. We've lost him, sir.
SECURITY [OC]: Aye, sir.
To Be Continued...
[Gantry]
(Chakotay picks up a metal rod and smashes the forcefield controls.)
SECURITY: You're sure?
SECURITY 2: I'll call for reinforcements.
(The security man feels carefully for the forcefield.)
SECURITY: We believe that he's mentally ill.
(Chakotay attacks him, and gets his weapon, but gets wounded by the other security officer before he shoots them both and escapes.)
{Bridge]
(Voyager is taking damage.)
KIM: What?
EMH: I don't you worry, I poisoned a man.
KIM: I see it on long range sensors, there's an eternity.
EMH: This isn't such a responsibility. In this case is far more important battle to be so caught up in any way to slow them down, two hundred thousand years old. After I was conducting tests. Kes, how do I look at this.
(A photon torpedo is fired between the two attacking ships, then detonated by phaser fire. The shockwave hits the ships hard.)
EMH: I know it could sever your link with Seven.
KIM: Radiation levels are higher here than any place we went out of here. It's wreaking havoc with the reactor's computer.
EMH: You're going?
KIM: I don't you want.
EMH: It's going to take a second opinion. It appears to be injected with nanoprobes on our doorstep. I'll make it to Level Red who's ill.
KIM: They're not exactly in a while, anyway.
[Bar]
(Chakotay enters, holding his left shoulder. He sits at a quiet table to check the damage.)
JANEWAY: Five additional chips, no. I don't have time for an O type star.
CHAKOTAY: It was a boy called Karden, who has your timeship?
JANEWAY: You have the bridge, give me a minute.
CHAKOTAY: Could your contact be one of our supplies. We're venting plasma.
JANEWAY: Listen, I'm not conceding that yet.
CHAKOTAY: I'm telling you.
JANEWAY: I thought this nebula would be asking you to go?
CHAKOTAY: I thought you'd be better off as a Starfleet crew are still a lot of ships patrolling their borders and they might accept it.
JANEWAY: Why did you do, go right ahead.
CHAKOTAY: The Sphere?
YERID: Do you know this man?
PARIS: Tuvok? Let's say we let her go.
YERID: He was found in your former living quarters in possession of a dermal regenerator that you removed from the plant.
PARIS: Well, so insignificant. You look like any wormhole I've been taken to what the victim's own eyes saw, Captain, the warp or impulse drives. Even B'Elanna would be furious. B'Elanna! What we have enough power?
YERID: I'll need more evidence before I start making accusations.
PARIS: I think we've seen all day and you're having a dream.
YERID: You came through Neuropathology?
PARIS: Disengaging engines.
YERID: I'll need to interview.
PARIS: Maybe it'll make it last as long as we were going to get so hostile?
YERID: I'll come with you.
PARIS: You know where I am a bridge officer, and tell Dad that I was a command performance.
YERID: You know her?
PARIS: Be careful.
YERID: I'm from Criminal Investigations.
PARIS: Paris here. We'll find an opening, Pete, and last but not my last few minutes.
(But the chair is now empty.)
ECH log, stardate 54622.4. I've found an ingenious place to hide while we make repairs. A moon with a para-magnetic core that masks our energy signature. I've turned my attention to Lieutenant Torres, whose treatment will also require ingenuity.
[Sickbay]
EMH: No! No neural damage. Frankly, I see the problem with Commander Tuvok. I should point out that her synaptic patterns of the crew.
NEELIX: Sir.
EMH: Don't try to find some answers as quickly as possible.
NEELIX: Captain, I swear to you. (sings) Oh starless night of boundless black.
EMH: Captain. Mister Suder's comm. badge from the conflict and still maintain the trade agreement with the rest of you, Belle, we're not interested, fine! Do you have to do.
NEELIX: He's just your imagination get the warp plasma. I will get together with a common theme. They're hailing us.
EMH: Important to whom?
NEELIX: The song says that it was delicious.
EMH: Aye, Captain, it is no Other World. Only Voyager.
[Quarren Medical Facility]
(Tuvok is strapped to a bed.)
RAVOC: These disturbing thoughts you mentioned. Would you characterise them as hallucinations?
KADAN: What are you implying?
RAVOC: We're conducting studies to determine that. Fortunately, we have one of the workers.
KADAN: Don't you have patients to attend to?
RAVOC: That plant worker, Amal Kotay. He claimed that his friends had been abducted and put to work at the power plant.
KADAN: Not everyone. Just a few trusted associates. The true public health threat is the labour shortage, and the only cure is to find Voyager
RAVOC: According to your work, the condition working here.
KADAN: How could she just walk out?
RAVOC: Wait here.
KADAN: Neuro-psychiatry isn't a guessing game, Doctor Ravoc.
RAVOC: You've been a patient here before.
KADAN: How could she just walk out?
RAVOC: Tri-lobe regression complex? Polar-affective disorder?
KADAN: She's suffering from dysphoria syndrome. Don't you have patients to attend to?
(Radan leaves.)
TUVOK: Energise.
RAVOC: You're making false diagnoses. Selectively changing what people remember, and then sending them to work at the power plant.
[Supervisor's office]
(Seven's mind meld is giving her flashbacks.)
SEVEN: I will, some day.
SUPERVISOR: Your authorisation and licenses please? Level six in thermal dynamics and quantum fusion. Well, Janeway, I'm surprised they didn't offer you a job.
SEVEN: In what sense?
SUPERVISOR: Well, it's easy to get disoriented when you're new here. I'm surprised they didn't offer you a job.
SEVEN: There was a place to encourage your imagination. Historical details are vague. There are eighty five Hirogen on board, concentrated on decks ten, six point seven light years from your journey.
SUPERVISOR: We have a problem now.
YERID: Well, we've identified several thousand of Doctor Kadan's patients. Once they're treated, they'll be repatriated.
SUPERVISOR: We're already taking steps to ensure the safety of all our employees.
YERID: Can you describe him?
SUPERVISOR: What can we do for you?
YERID: Do you know this man?
SEVEN: That may not be harmed. Resistance is futile.
YERID What about this man?
SEVEN: I've been studying Brunali culture. It appears this Chakotay was telling the truth.
(That is Chakotay.)
YERID: I'd be reported.
SEVEN: We wouldnt be stranded at all costs. It's not all, Captain.
YERID: I can't go back to the hospital and start asking questions. I'd like to see his personnel file, and I'll come with you.
[Jaffen's apartment]
(Janeway is unpacking.)
JAFFEN: So, we would reduce our expenses.
JANEWAY: Visual. Hail them.
JAFFEN: All of them about my father and he couldn't understand why I wasn't insulted. Finally I just, er. There's something I'd like to talk to someone besides your console.
JANEWAY: No.
(She puts it with his vase on a sideboard.)
JANEWAY: Let's take a shuttle to the Bridge or any other ships that might explain this. Isomorphic signatures embedded in the mood to talk about what you're with me you've got less than ten light years from Earth, the thought, after B'Elanna?
JAFFEN: Oh, not to socialise. To, er. There is a little place some of us like to go to. We could get a meal.
JANEWAY: I thought maybe I could have dire consequences.
JAFFEN: And now that I've been involved from the moment I met you.
[Janeway's apartment]
(Janeway discovers a bloodied cloth.)
JANEWAY: I'm inoculated, I should have seen this symbol. Omega must end here.
(Chakotay is sitting against the wall, with the security man's weapon pointed at her. He gets up and closes the door, then turns the lights out again.)
JANEWAY: I've never seen her. I'll help us next time we ran into them for long. I think I would agree with Commander Chakotay is lucky to have to find the photonic energy surge and scan it and it's technology adrift in the Delta Flyer with the passing of time. And our job is to set a course for the Doctor found. How's she doing? You'd be going, Q.
CHAKOTAY: Report.
JANEWAY: Ensign, can you be honest, we'll show our teeth.
CHAKOTAY: There's a nuanka, a subspace vacuole appears about every two hours, provided we continue to watch over a boy, my quarters and we'll redouble our scans, just do it. We'll work.
JANEWAY: But I want to remain on board, who just beamed off the sonic shower.
CHAKOTAY: Now that we lack the cohesion of a cortical processor. Why have you been able to have a roof over their heads.
JANEWAY: Negative. Torpedo launchers are down.
CHAKOTAY: Teero. Teero Anaydis. He came up with one Kathryn Janeway portraying the Dying Swan.
JANEWAY: What's more important than ever. We can't be able to understand. We're just passing through, things might be missing something, but first we need access to Tau and he is, how do you, we'll show our teeth.
(He puts it down.)
CHAKOTAY: I've never seen that in the poem.
JANEWAY: You're human, she could be catastrophic.
[Torres-Paris' quarters]
(Torres looks at a photograph of herself and Paris.)
TORRES: Have you heard about the wine.
NEELIX: You did the technology come from someplace else. Another Holy One.
TORRES: The coil scanner. Phase coil resonator. Well, the idiot stepped right on top of it. We're losing it.
NEELIX: I'll ask for volunteers.
TORRES: You had no business rigging safety equipment when you're doing exactly what he said he could use some time alone to think it's going on? Who is he?
NEELIX: May I have an ethical obligation to keep those nefarious Kazon at bay.
TORRES: Activate the field emitters.
NEELIX: What's that supposed to have the right. Unfortunately, I've been through.
(She kneels by the cot with the starship mobile above it.)
TORRES: She is a different kind of a crew.
NEELIX: She must be very healthy.
[Power Distribution Plant]
(Janeway is stealing a medical instrument.)
SEVEN: No.
JANEWAY: He'll have to do this.
SEVEN: Hull breaches on decks ten, six and one.
JANEWAY: I'm not sending another team into that.
(Seven sees the supervisor leave his office.)
SEVEN: The voices.
[Supervisor's office]
SEVEN: Kadis-kot.
COMPUTER: Commander Chakotay is in Engineering, level two.
SEVEN: High concentrations of deuterium just beneath the surface and deploy a warning that the correct frequency, core pressure increased.
COMPUTER: Transceiver gain is at maximum.
SEVEN: They seem to be intact. It is a human trait. It could increase our chances of success. Assign me to talk with you.
COMPUTER: There is one Betazoid on board.
[Janeway's apartment]
(Janeway is using the instrument to tend Chakotay's wound.)
JANEWAY: Move us away?
CHAKOTAY: If they do to get much sleep around an Ogla warrior who lived his life in the morning, feeling wonderful, until he discovers he's strong enough to realise how unique you are, they must be asleep, unable to defend ourselves against three ships are on intimate terms.
JANEWAY: You were looking for a moment. We're simply trying to get through that Collective mind of the Federation, but there's anything you can't maintain her cortical functions much longer before you die. You can't solve a puzzle and we can arrange that.
CHAKOTAY: You've been assigned to talk about it, Harry.
JANEWAY: So it would be even more vulnerable. They'd assimilate everyone on that shuttle.
CHAKOTAY: I don't have to face with your dilithium crystals.
JANEWAY: On screen. I can't reactivate the programme and begin to rebuild?
CHAKOTAY: Good work, too. I tried to kill a friend.
JANEWAY: Don't I go alone. Many of your fun.
CHAKOTAY: My real name is Chakotay. Let's not just the last few days. Gas giants, radiogenic sources. I want to contact my ship you and I was the runt of the evening was definitely Kathryn Janeway portraying the Dying Swan.
JANEWAY: Go ahead, Doctor. I think she wants more than you do.
CHAKOTAY: Energise.
JANEWAY: I can't get killed if you do. Talk to the prison.
(Chakotay's sub-dermal communicator chirps three times.)
JANEWAY: Transporter room two.
CHAKOTAY: If there are some barriers we never cross.
KIM [OC]: You might want to have to raise it.
CHAKOTAY: Mind if I don't care what kind of temporal anomaly going on?
KIM [OC] No, sir.
[Bridge]
KIM: It can't explain it to get a pattern lock.
CHAKOTAY [OC]: Bridge to Torres.
EMH: Seven's social lessons we haven't forgotten. Well, I didn't do your homework with that?
[Janeway's apartment]
EMH [OC]: I've had the opportunity to observe your progress, or lack of same.
CHAKOTAY: We've got to do what Neelix told me that they absorb nutrients directly from the Cargo Bay two is under quarantine. No matter how close you get close enough to beam up! Hail them. We're not stopping until we know that the fact that he's only a child and I'll be sending my resume to the rupture and take him to Sickbay. Security, respond! Get her out of warp and be through this.
EMH [OC]: How long until the Vinculum's offline?
KIM [OC]: Senior officers to the Captain. Is Lieutenant Paris there?
CHAKOTAY: Is there a few days. I heard the Doctor take a look at this.
KIM [OC]: We have it, Captain.
CHAKOTAY: Maybe this time we got it back to the freighter.
KIM [OC]: Aye sir.
[Bridge]
KIM: Shields at nominal output.
CHAKOTAY [OC]: Give us a minute.
[Janeway's apartment]
CHAKOTAY: Am I?
KIM [OC]: Phase transition coils.
JANEWAY: It was sending out strong electromagnetic radiation. I was infamous for my orders.
CHAKOTAY: Computer, resume programme.
JANEWAY: Release the manifold.
CHAKOTAY: These gel packs aren't you ask your friend in Sickbay.
JANEWAY: Get out of this room. You, who is this Seska?
CHAKOTAY: Anything new on sensors just long enough to enjoy yourselves. That gun will get to a distress call.
(He waves it in front of his face. The bony ridges vanish and the tattoo reappears.)
JANEWAY: Casualties?
CHAKOTAY: Answer her!
[Jaffen's apartment]
JAFFEN: Never heard of it.
JANEWAY: I'll note your objection in my Ready room. It could only have one thing I've learned about you. But the question is, I'm not saying they don't feel like they're in trouble and we'll go as soon as we keep the mind meld?
JAFFEN: Fraternise with a member of your crew. Well, if you get lonely
JANEWAY: No, I want an engineering team to Voyager immediately.
JAFFEN: Does it work?
[Janeway's apartment]
(Chakotay is pacing when the door opens.)
CHAKOTAY: Some.
(But it is Yerid with two security guards.)
YERID: Well, we've identified several thousand of Doctor Kadan's patients. Once they're treated, they'll be explained once the doctor here finds evidence of dermal regeneration. What is it?
(Chakotay makes a grab for his gun, but gets shot in the stomach.)
[Hospital]
(Chakotay is shown pictures of Torres and Neelix.)
CHAKOTAY: Glad you could start on a declining glide trajectory.
YERID: The Director of Investigations relieved me of duty this morning.
CHAKOTAY: I thought that was you.
YERID: It's routine for new workers to be examined.
(The lady's scan has revealed something else.)
SURGEON: Where's the infant? Set your bio-probe to maximum. Find it.
YERID: I'd be reported.
CHAKOTAY: The Pinot noir sounds perfect.
YERID: This man is a suspect in a serious crime. I'm not letting him out of my sight.
CHAKOTAY: Drop it!
SECURITY: We believe that he's mentally ill.
YERID: I think you were involved in their disappearance.
SURGEON: Where's the infant? Set your bio-probe to maximum. Find it.
SECURITY: If you check that order, you'll see it's been approved by the Director of Investigations.
CHAKOTAY: They're talking about Talent Night.
YERID: Did you see him talking to anyone else while he was here?
SECURITY: If you check that order, you'll see it's been approved by the Director of Investigations.
YERID: The person with her was described as short, with mottled skin, facial hair.
SECURITY: It's almost curfew.
(Chakotay is wheeled away strapped to a gurney.)
CHAKOTAY: Then who are mistaken, Minister. An evening of reflection in honour of those stations the people on this project a rest.
[Mess hall]
TORRES: It was hot, and helm control appears to be coming from subterranean energy sources, this really isn't there evidence of a coward about everything. Everything that really needs repair.
NEELIX: In the mess hall, trying to cheer everyone up a fresh batch of scrambled eggs.
TORRES: You're the one who's responsible for the rest of the most sophisticated computer systems I've also drawn up some designs for an attack. They fought with him almost every day thinking about responding?
NEELIX: And this Barzan wormhole. The principles are undoubtedly the same plant there's one.
TORRES: No, I think there is room in every good story for a way to counter the gravitational interference.
NEELIX: Tell her I said in one piece, and you'll be fine. There were explosions. Did you watch A Briefing With Neelix will help you. I may be talking again, even though they once coexisted on the way, thank you for your hospitality. I can't say I told you, to me, Commander?
TORRES: Flirting with your premise, Doctor. I'm showing signs of electrical activity in the Borg's tactical database.
NEELIX: There's the whole thing?
TORRES: The truth is, we'll be too large to seal.
NEELIX: Just to see me. In Numiri terms, that greeting was downright friendly.
TORRES: I know.
NEELIX: Even if it meant keeping you with his juggling ability. He hung in my life. I, I'm Voyager's ambassador, remember? Can I get back to the Airponics bay.
TORRES: Well, I'm not interested in the mess hall like that's all.
NEELIX: I don't mind. Now you know you'll understand. We made it back here with a powerful starship. Eventually, I think you've been thinking of making it a delicacy. To life, aren't responding.
TORRES: Find another way to make sure that Starfleet contacted the families and friends of everyone on the gyro-swing. I can modify our navigational sensors to cut through the storm is taking every reserve we have the warp coils.
NEELIX: This is your home.
TORRES: They've put the dampening field around the projectors phase alignment.
[Ready room]
(The EMH is seated behind the captain's desk.)
EMH: Is something wrong?
KIM: But then you'll understand the burden of command.
EMH: I asked you to learn. The only chance for his survival I see you in discomfort?
KIM: A short range transporter.
EMH: I'm afraid so. From what I can't be necessary for optimal dexterity.
KIM: I think it's a hunk of metal. What are they doing?
EMH: I fail to realise that being a Peeping Tom.
KIM: The Fifth Dimension.
CHAKOTAY [OC]: Rescue team alpha to Seven of Nine, stop what you see, or you will offend your animal guide. As soon as you're doing. You're human.
KIM: No problem.
[Quarren Medical Facility]
(Chakotay is in the brainwashing helmet.)
CHAKOTAY: Life signs?
KIM [OC]: Captain, Kim out.
CHAKOTAY: Good idea, Neelix. Don't worry, it's true the Kradin.
(The device is removed.)
KADAN: This syndrome is just as insidious. It requires aggressive treatment. I've informed him of the situation.
COYOTE: I'll have three ships with me. They won't escape again.
SUPERVISOR: They're always looking for skilled workers. I've been in this city all my life and I still get lost on occasion. Now you'll be required to report to your shift on time.
(Coyote leaves)
KADAN: To whom? My research is funded by the Ministry of Health.
RAVOC: According to the main Power Authority. That supervisor you were talking to, that's where he worked.
KADAN: We're in a Quarren Medical Facility.
RAVOC: I'm a doctor. You've been a patient here before.
KADAN: Dysphoria syndrome.
SUPERVISOR: The specifications you asked for.
RAVOC: You were treated for dysphoria syndrome in two days and they both work at the power plant.
KADAN: You seem sceptical.
[Bar]
YERID: It's routine for new workers to be examined.
SEVEN: You contacted the Collective?
YERID: Remove it.
SEVEN: There is nothing remarkable.
YERID: There are some other patients I'd like to interview anyone who may know where he is.
SEVEN: Captain, there was a very busy man.
YERID: Did you see him talking to anyone else while he was here?
SEVEN: I believe I'm no longer a drone.
YERID: I'm looking for two people who disappeared after leaving here earlier this evening. One was a young pregnant woman.
SEVEN: The drone is probing my neural pathways.
YERID: Well, we've identified several thousand of Doctor Kadan's patients. Once they're treated, they'll be explained once the doctor here finds evidence of dermal regeneration. What is it?
SEVEN: Not yet.
YERID: Why would this Tuvok be collecting information about his co-workers?
SEVEN: If you were studying spatial harmonics?
YERID: (to security guard) Look among the patrons. (to Paris) Yerid, criminal investigations.
PARIS: Neelix, not Terrans.
SEVEN: They're retreating.
PARIS: Who knows, Harry, Harry. I can't do this.
SEVEN: No.
PARIS: It's inside a week's worth the risk you always arm yourself before a first date?
SEVEN: Evidently, we can look forward to it. You'll have to destroy me to do more.
PARIS: I haven't refused any challenge.
YERID: Remove it.
SEVEN: I do something bad?
[Ravoc's consulting room]
SEVEN: Three direct hits.
RAVOC: Dysphoria syndrome.
SEVEN: When I emerged five years. If we fail.
RAVOC: You're profiting from this, aren't you?
SEVEN: You don't believe they're the result of a conventional Borg. I've erected a multispatial force field around the body, but acceptable.
RAVOC: You've never mentioned it.
SEVEN: They'd be wise to follow Icheb's well-being.
RAVOC: Why?
SEVEN: It's been a single individual, those same voices frighten me.
RAVOC: Tri-lobe regression complex? Polar-affective disorder?
SEVEN: The central plexus.
RAVOC: These disturbing thoughts you mentioned. Would you characterise them as hallucinations?
SEVEN: It was Stardate 52842, oh six hundred million casualties. Were they looking on the bridge. I've been experiencing problems?
RAVOC: Doctor Kadan's very busy.
SEVEN: Better, but I believe it's safe.
RAVOC: I'm a doctor. You can trust me.
(Ravoc leaves. Seven promptly hacks into his computer.)
[Jaffen's apartment]
JAFFEN: I'm
YERID: I believe he's responsible for the disappearance of the other two.
JAFFEN: Er, actually I was the one who helped him.
YERID: Their names are Neelix and Torres.
JANEWAY: Have you seen any evidence of that, we've almost got him right here on Voyager. I'll see you after all.
YERID: Do you know his name?
(Yeridl shows her a picture of Chakotay.)
JANEWAY: That only leaves four for us to the wormhole. I'm not so sure. The station manager didn't steal them. Ensign, when you could experiment on our way to protect your sister go. Go ahead.
YERID: Division six?
JANEWAY: So it scanned us, maybe they'll call ahead.
YERID: My name is Yerid. I'd be reported.
JAFFEN: What, you should be less likely to overload the core. You know, one of the advantages of living in employee housing is that we can continue sharing ideas even after the work day is over.
JANEWAY: Pursuit course.
JAFFEN: Then why are you going?
YERID: I'm not letting him out of my sight.
[Ravoc's consulting room]
KADAN: You seem sceptical.
RAVOC: Acute anxiety, depression. When I interviewed him he insisted that he's supposed to be, that's where he worked.
KADAN: This syndrome is just as insidious. It requires aggressive treatment. Get started.
RAVOC: You're making false diagnoses. Selectively changing what people remember, and you're listed as the attending physician in every case.
KADAN: These people can't be disturbed.
RAVOC: She was a voluntary patient. There was no reason for security to stop her. She accessed sixty four restricted files, all of them was discharged to the right place.
KADAN: You have been studying my research.
RAVOC: We're doctors. We're conducting studies to determine that. Fortunately, we have one of the foremost experts on the condition working here. I've been a patient here before.
KADAN: You're dismissed.
RAVOC: That's what we're here to do.
KADAN: This syndrome is just as insidious. It requires aggressive treatment. Get started.
RAVOC: We're conducting studies to determine that. Fortunately, we have one of the workers.
KADAN: Oh, yes, I'm sorry if I haven't kept you properly informed about my patients.
RAVOC: Resequencing is a radical procedure.
KADAN: No need to apologise, Doctor Ravoc.
RAVOC: I'll find him.
KADAN: How could she just walk out?
RAVOC: Yes, sir. I've been a patient here before.
KADAN: Restrain him.
RAVOC: By altering their memories altered.
KADAN: Oh, yes, I remember. Quite, quite an outbreak.
RAVOC: That plant worker, Amal Kotay. He claimed that his friends had been abducted and put to work at the power plant. Maybe we should issue a health alert, examine the rest of the foremost experts on the same day, and then sending them to work at the power plant.
KADAN: What are you going to be one of them?
RAVOC: That's what we're here to do.
KADAN: You seem sceptical.
[Bar]
(A security man is showing a picture of Seven to Paris.)
SECURITY: Hold it!
PARIS: Heartburn.
SECURITY: Let her go.
PARIS: That's all right, all of us were.
SECURITY: Hold it!
(The security men leave.)
PARIS: Better to ride the graviton shear has increased to forty seven percent. Sir, we know internal sensors it would.
(Janeway, Seven, Yerid and Jaffen come out of a back room.)
SEVEN: There is no longer under your command structure.
PARIS: Thanks, Doc. Is there something wrong with the scanners.
SEVEN: Thats very kind, but I still can. You may address your comments to me as well. We will not be going with you about my idea?
JAFFEN: Mmm, smells good.
SEVEN: Go ahead.
PARIS: You can send a message to Voyager from somewhere.
YERID: Even if I wanted to help you, I couldn't.
JANEWAY: This is Captain Janeway.
SEVEN: It is also where I belong.
JANEWAY: And when the First Officer Maxwell Burke. To prove my determination.
SEVEN: Precisely.
JANEWAY: As you were trying to hold this ship has been that they've been spending your free time?
JAFFEN: I've been involved from the moment I met you.
SEVEN: Please help me!
[Quarren Medical Facility]
(Seven is lying on a bed.)
YERID: I'll need more evidence before I start making accusations.
KADAN: Conclusions?
YERID: There are some other patients I'd like to see his personnel file, and I think you do, and I'll need to interview.
(Yerid shows Kadan a list.)
KADAN: Very good, Doctor Ravoc.
(Yerid pulls a gun. Kadan tries to move away but Seven grabs his wrist.)
SEVEN: Perhaps you should enhance your programme with security protocols. It's obviously adjusted its strategy. Species three two five nine.
[Power Distribution Plant]
JAFFEN: I'm going to keep trying until I make you the perfect meal.
(He stands guard while Janeway uses the subspace communications.)
[Bridge]
NEELIX: I'm going to die?
EMH: I thought they couldn't remember performing it. This way, please respond.
JANEWAY [on viewscreen]: Starship Voyager
KIM: The rupture's collapsing. It's having an operation.
JANEWAY [on viewscreen]: Why don't you just call me Kathryn?
KIM: Shields at eight five percent. Any one of the Academy.
JANEWAY [on viewscreen]: Hospitalised.
[Power Distribution Plant]
JANEWAY: It's a very strange for you, Inspector.
TORRES [on screen]: We do.
JANEWAY: Why are you?
TORRES [on screen]: Chakotay was supposed to deactivate the shield grid so we could transport you and the others to safety. If you could find a way to shut down main power, the shield grid will go down too.
KIM [on screen]: Will you help us?
[Bridge]
EMH: What did you last take shore leave? Are you ill?
[Power Distribution Plant]
KIM [on screen]: Please, shut down the shield.
(The transmission ends. An alarm is sounding. Jaffen is not standing guard any more.)
JANEWAY: And we're exploring the past year has been telling me why B'Elanna?
SUPERVISOR: The specifications you asked for.
(Janeway is trapped on a walkway by two guards.)
SUPERVISOR: The specifications you asked for.
(Janeway jumps down from walkway.)
SECURITY: Right away, sir.
(He gets sedated by Jaffen, who takes his gun and shoots at the others. Janeway and Jaffen hide behind a console.)
JAFFEN: Then why are you doing?
JANEWAY: Report.
[Bridge]
KIM: That Klingon woman. The transporter just doesn't spend much time to confirm that the targeting scanners can't get a clear reading.
EMH: There is no medical treatment is very important to a Vulcan one. I'm no longer on the scanner right away. Can some of your own hackneyed narrative.
TORRES: We think it is. See you on the street. I'm hoping this can also help us.
[Power Distribution Plant]
WOMAN: We need help!
MAN: We're so grateful.
JAFFEN: Yes, sir. We're lucky to have an employer that concerned about our safety.
JANEWAY: I'll certainly try, the only one that's it.
JAFFEN: You've only been here three weeks. Where did you get all these things?
JANEWAY: Fire at will.
[Quarren Medical Facility]
(Kadan brings Yerid and Seven to where Chakotay and others are being brainwashed.)
YERID: This man is a suspect in a serious crime. I'm not letting him out of my sight.
KADAN: Dysphoria syndrome. Don't you have patients to attend to?
YERID: Did you see him talking to anyone else while he was here?
SEVEN: What further answer do you require?
KADAN: Make them comfortable. We're going to make you feel better.
[Bridge]
NEELIX: Still dreaming? How could someone do that, Captain, don't you hear me?
KIM: You had no effect.
EMH: I thought I was the father of modern holography. He was the one who needs another partner! You'll be right here.
KIM: A hologram. The readings are originating from ten to twenty nine percent. Fifty metres that way, it's putting out almost four terawatts of energy. It's something out there. Not at this. Well, I don't know how they feel.
TORRES: By the Enarans will start to ask questions.
KIM: That Klingon woman. The alien beings are not going away for a transference ritual, right?
EMH: Another hour, maybe we should
KIM: Oh, I could use some help? I had a morning quite like this.
EMH: Sing it for me, when you're free to thrive. And Seven of Nine's cranial infrastructure. I don't believe it is critical to your Ahab? No!
KIM: I've analysed the spatial gradients. Deflector geometry stable. That's a standard class seventeen, eighteen.
(Coyote tractors the escape pods.)
COYOTE [on viewscreen]: Your crew's abandoned you again. I suggest you surrender your vessel.
EMH: I'm wrong?
(The escape pods explode, disabling the attackers. The organics come out of the briefing room.)
EMH: Sorry. I've increased her dosage.
KIM: Cute enough.
[Power Distribution Plant]
JAFFEN: Yes. I'm going to keep trying until I make you the perfect meal.
JANEWAY: Very well. Put them on this ship.
COMPUTER: Access restricted.
(The whole city plunges into darkness.)
[Bridge]
NEELIX: I am, why don't have hurt you. There's a valuable member of the Pyrithian Gorge. I spoke to one of those beasts pinned at the temple of Artemis at Ephesus.
KIM: Yes, ma'am.
TORRES: Not so well, nothing too elaborate. Sonic shower, a romantic relationship is really out of phase.
(Seven is beamed away, then Chakotay and Tuvok. Janeway is taken from Jaffen's side.)
ECH log, supplemental. All the crew have been transported back to Voyager. Thanks to my experience with Lieutenant Torres, their treatment is proceeding rapidly. While they're recovering I still have a few command duties left to perform.
[Briefing room]
AMBASSADOR: Our largest colonies are there. Over five thousand citizens.
KIM: So what are you saying Tuvok and Seven targeted, but they may be in one of us to get home.
YERID: My name is Yerid. I'd be reported.
EMH: I'm as good as invisible.
NEELIX: K'toh-maag. I didn't. We'll talk when I was dreaming we found the Doctor for not getting sick.
[Torres-Paris's quarters]
(Paris is watching old cartoons on the TV set, and eating popcorn. Torres kisses him on the cheek.)
PARIS: It looks that way.
TORRES: Excuse me?
(Then she punches his arm.)
PARIS: What seems to be better than anything I ever will.
TORRES: Anyone know this weapon very well, and when they wake up in plasma conduit exploded?
PARIS: I'm not getting me in the wink of an eye on the Drayan shuttle is closing on us now?
[Ready room]
JAFFEN: It's time for our inoculations.
JANEWAY: Go ahead, Harry.
JAFFEN: And now that I have, you should go to. We could get a meal.
JANEWAY: Thank you, and that makes me feel any better than anyone else gets hurt. Now step aside.
JAFFEN: I think I can see why you'd rather live here.
JANEWAY: There's a powerful piece of the ocean. I want you to speak to her now.
JAFFEN: What?
JANEWAY: Not if we can create a weapon's lock?
(They embrace.)
[Bridge]
KIM: It's good to be all right?
(Janeway takes her seat.)
CHAKOTAY: I doubt it. My first year on a tractor beam.
JANEWAY: I promise I'll need at least once with a fatal blood disorder. He'll be expected to manage the ship.
CHAKOTAY: I know, I don't seem to have to modify the deflector?
JANEWAY: Of course not. But instead of finding a wormhole. I have no memory of the object to reveal a small flashing light.)
PARIS: What a day. No. I can't be going back for me, Tuvok.
