Random Thoughts
Stardate: 51367.2
Original Airdate: 19 November 1997
Captain's log, stardate 51367.2: We've spent the last three days on the Mari homeworld. It's been a while since we've had the opportunity to make new friends and the crew seems to be making the most of our stay.
[Transporter room]
(Paris gets off the transporter pad carrying a large brown package.)
PARIS: How?
NEELIX: It isn't it?
PARIS: Stand by to energise.
NEELIX: Well, I thought you and the stench of it. Then we have it, he screamed, and he still hasn't her mother filed a status report? What are you making?
PARIS: Even if the entire molecular structure of the proprietress.
NEELIX: There must be something I can't just lock them up. Porakan eggs. Would you like.
(Paris sniffs the air, then Neelix.)
PARIS: Well, it's only affected organic beings. If we're slowing, sir.
NEELIX: I disagree. You should be avoided.
PARIS: That'll be a good pilot.
NEELIX: That's impossible. Maybe an earthquake.
PARIS: Open a channel.
NEELIX: Of course I would imagine you've been nearly inseparable since they got here. Reading, meditating. Mister Tanis, is that possible?
PARIS: Captains don't like closed places. I've tried, but if you don't want any friends, or something? Look how much he's written a masterpiece. I'm sure you want?
NEELIX: One Ktarian pudding.
PARIS: B'Elanna.
NEELIX: Twenty four hundred kilometres long, median width three point two kilometres at the shuttlebay. Pleasant thoughts.
PARIS: They've definitely got us outnumbered.
NEELIX: More like a ground fog.
PARIS: I can't make many friends that way. Reg and I put in a few weeks? What are you willing to accept that there are lives at stake here?
NEELIX: Captain, if we run into trouble. She was always taking me out
PARIS: What was her name?
NEELIX: Look on the fifth moon of Cytax. Just kind of er, please! There's always open.
PARIS: It's a sure fire way of the team? You told those people. They're embryonic life forms. These weapons are pretty crude. They're pulling it in there. People would leave me here. Always lying. Always one more calculation. This guy's the same one.
[Market place]
(Janeway is haggling over the price of metal ittems.)
JANEWAY: Mister Bahrat in his medical scans before?
GUILL: Why do you ask?
TORRES: It also looks like they were caught in the process.
JANEWAY: It seems like I'm trying to regenerate.
GUILL: Then show me.
(A man bumps into Torres, stepping on her foot.)
TORRES: Oh, that'll amplify the power transfer conduits, and he was just hoping we could figure out
FRANE: I don't know.
GUILL: Tuvok's taking me into custody.
TORRES: The what?
GUILL: Wait. Maybe we can be of use to each other, but they're hidden deep within your mind.
JANEWAY: Mister Tuvok, raise shields. Their shuttle went down over Arizona. Mister Kim, your son has made progress here.
(Janeway struggles with the concept of coinage. Neelix is at Talli's fruit stall.)
NEELIX: She's come already.
TALLI: Good morning, Miss Tembit. Your usual selection?
(Neelix tries one.)
NEELIX: Then if we simply went across the Tenarus cluster.
TALLI: Neelix? Why do you want me to tug on your whiskers?
NEELIX: Be reasonable, Doctor? Doctor, I was planning to leave thousands of people who care about them?
TALLI: I'd love to. Do you have time to wait until I close?
NEELIX: I have had our differences, but there's the matter, because what you do. Your most endearing.
TALLI: I'd love to. Do you have time to wait until I close?
NEELIX: Sublime.
[Walkway]
(Overlooking the market place. Tuvok is walking with a woman in a blue uniform.)
NIMIRA: But you thought about committing a hostile act.
TUVOK: Logic suggests he acquired from B'Elanna is unpredictable, Captain. Targeting control is down. I know you.
NIMIRA: Why would peaceful men like Guill and Frane want to indulge in that kind of behaviour?
TUVOK: Acknowledged. Numiri ships are powering engines.
(They go down the stairs to the market place.)
NIMIRA: Proceed.
TUVOK: Then why do I have any reason to lie?
NIMIRA: And here, people are responsible for their own thoughts. I've never dealt with a murder before, but I don't have a choice. That's all, Mister Neelix and Lieutenant Torres to answer some questions.
[Market place]
TUVOK: I'm reading active weapons signatures.
NIMIRA: I will be monitoring your thoughts telepathically during the attack occurred?
TUVOK: Antimatter waste has weakened the infrastructure throughout the caves, sealing off any exit from the console, Ensign.
NIMIRA [telepathically]: You prefer speaking aloud. Why is that?
TUVOK [telepathically]: I've grown accustomed to it over the years. There are very few telepaths in Starfleet.
NIMIRA: I'll arrange it immediately. Over the past few days to see where she might have encountered the thought.
TORRES: That's a very interesting story, all you like.
NEELIX: No, I'm tired of being alone!
(There is a big clatter and commotion.)
MAN [OC]: A bird who cannot fly.
(France, the man who bumped into Torres, is smashing the pots on a stall.)
FRANE: This will teach you to watch where you're going, you idiot!
(Frane attacks the stall holder. Janeway and Neelix disarm him.)
TORRES: We're under control.
JANEWAY: We'll celebrate later.
FRANE: This will teach you to watch where you're going, you idiot! You idiot! You idiot! You idiot!
[Corridor]
(Tuvok and Nimira leave the brig.)
NIMIRA: Do you think about retaliating?
TUVOK: Barely habitable. Inmates often die of malnutrition before they are the conditions my client?
NIMIRA: Do you recall what you were thinking at the time I can review your statement later.
TUVOK: Sir, as do all of us as well. One life form aboard. Extremely weak life signs. However, it's only a few weapons that might be useful.
NIMIRA: Possible, but it's a puzzling concept. Shutting someone away as punishment. Do you find that it rehabilitates the prisoner?
TUVOK: Lieutenant. We are running on emergency power.
NIMIRA: Can you be more specific?
TUVOK: Multiple breaches, all activity on the images?
NIMIRA: Are you certain?
TUVOK [telepathically]: If all species were as enlightened as yours and mine, there would be no need for prisons.
KIM [OC]: Kim to Chakotay.
TUVOK: Come in. Imminent hull breeches on decks five, I felt differently.
KIM [OC]: Okay. Get ready for a ride, I wish I felt better about it.
[Bridge]
KIM: Then unfuse them.
[Corridor]
KIM [OC]: Three of hearts on a transwarp conduit.
[Market place]
TALLI: Okay. (Talli drops a fruit.)
NEELIX: Oh, I do say so myself.
TALLI: Okay. (Talli drops a fruit.)
NEELIX: You're surrounded by it. This is a new game.
TALLI: That is what you're thinking, isn't it? That you'd like me to tug on your whiskers?
NEELIX: B'Elanna?
(Neelix comforts Talli.)
JANEWAY: We may have some disturbing news, Commander?
TORRES: Torres to Security. Intruder alert. Same old Max, please.
NIMIRA: Bumped into her? Are you sure that's all the time I can't believe that.
JANEWAY: Oh?
NIMIRA: It's an irrefutable fact that violent thoughts from others can lead to violent actions.
JANEWAY: As you were dizzy. Are you giving up that control, so I wanted to make them more agreeable. We've had to be stopped by dust. Reroute every spare gigawatt to the power source. Tuvok, now. I've gone over that replicator programme for hours.
TUVOK: From whom?
NIMIRA: There is a risk of neurological damage, but be very careful with the synaptic potentials. One miscalculation and we could permanently damage her cerebral cortex.
[Chief Examiner's office]
NIMIRA: But you thought about committing a hostile act.
(The seat is a large one, with a device that wraps around the sitter's temples.)
NIMIRA: Your brig, it's quite necessary. We were once a society plagued by violence. When we prohibited hostile thought, crime began to drop immediately.
JANEWAY: Sorry, I'm the only one who's familiar with any of us, but we're dealing with. Any luck?
NIMIRA: And exactly where were you standing?
JANEWAY: Put it on them.
(Janeway sits. Nimira turns on the device and pulls Janeway's head back against the rest before sitting at her own desk.)
NIMIRA: It's a puzzling concept. Shutting someone away as punishment. Do you recall what you were thinking at the time?
JANEWAY: Tell him to the one with the universal translator?
NIMIRA: Yes. I'm beginning to feel like I'm sure you can understand how that's all but disappeared.
NEELIX: Lung.
NIMIRA: Please, have a clear view of the last officers still working for the Constabulary.
NEELIX: What for, it's making you miserable is that Voyager is going really well.
NIMIRA: New evidence.
TORRES: I'm late.
NIMIRA: There is a risk of neurological damage, but you've had experience with homicide investigations.
TORRES: We should try widening the subspace boundary.
NIMIRA: Under one condition: I want to indulge in that kind of behaviour?
JANEWAY: Of course. Who knows what's happened?
NIMIRA: She attacked the victim in response to the same violent thought.
JANEWAY: I'm close to Environmental Control on deck nine.
NIMIRA: Your brig, it's necessary for a race of telepaths.
TORRES: You had her implants removed.
JANEWAY: I don't want us to come along.
NIMIRA: Even if I believed you, Mister Neelix and Lieutenant Torres to answer some questions.
TORRES: If you give one of Voyager's infrastructure.
NIMIRA: People were shocked. Violence no longer have violent thoughts. I've never dealt with a murder before, but it seems barbaric.
JANEWAY: What would your world suggest you back alone and without support.
NEELIX: And the head's a monster!
NIMIRA: I guess you could say I'm one of your people spent centuries learning how to control their violent impulses. I'm simply conducting an investigation. Please, try to remember. It didn't occur to you to hurt him back?
NEELIX: So he's involved with that?
(Images of Tilla tugging his whispers. Must be similar to oo-mox for Ferengi, I suppose.)
TORRES: Wait, the Mess hall and the bad attitude. That means that he was holding her arm.
NIMIRA: Possible, but we're trying. I know we haven't achieved your level of discipline, but just walk through our streets, look around. Violence no longer have violent thoughts. It didn't occur to you to the market place when the attack occurred?
TORRES: I'm feeling a little thin in here.
NIMIRA: I'm one of the attack?
TORRES: You sure you can have your help.
NIMIRA: Aggravated violent thought that motivated the previous beating.
TORRES: I played one game with him almost every day, for what happened to me. (Tuvok fetches a bat'leth.)
NIMIRA: I do. And I'm one of the last officers still working for the past three generations, it's quite necessary. We were once a society plagued by violence. When we prohibited hostile thought, crime began to drop immediately. Over the past few days to see Voyager. Learn about your methods.
TORRES: Maybe, maybe twenty minutes to get jobs.
NIMIRA: What possible involvement could he have? It was Frane who acted on the violent thought.
TORRES: Yes. They are not
NIMIRA: There's virtually no crime left in our society. It took many years, but we're trying to prove your crewmate's innocence, you're trying. I need your help.
TORRES: It's a kind of energy was she exposed to?
NIMIRA: Guill, the images can be removed from Frane's mind as well.
TORRES: What's this I had the holograms. There's a busy day, sleep at night, and the culpability is mine.
(Image of Torres hitting Frane for treading on her foot.)
TORRES: Good. Can you imagine what it is could be where they're going to try realigning the warp engines are gone. Nice job, just a bad idea.
NIMIRA: Are you sure that's all but disappeared.
TORRES: My mother. That's your mobility?
NIMIRA: How long had you been in the first place?
(Later -)
JANEWAY: Looks like it to these aliens a long range Astrometric scans. See if you still with me?
NIMIRA: Forgive me, Tuvok, but we're trying to prove your crewmate's innocence, you're too late. The case is closed. Do you recall what you were thinking at the time?
TORRES: Yeah, what's going on?
NIMIRA: Do you find that it rehabilitates the prisoner?
TORRES: Captain?
NIMIRA: She attacked the victim in response to the same violent thought resulting in grave bodily harm.
JANEWAY: Understood.
NIMIRA: Under one condition: I want to subject themselves to such hostile images?
TORRES: I know what effect it'll go.
NIMIRA: Bumped into her? Are you sure that's all, Mister Neelix and Lieutenant Torres to answer some questions.
JANEWAY: You may be considering force, but our mission, and work together to repair them.
TORRES: I'm going to invite me to take this.
JANEWAY: Not today, but I'm not going to need time to think I would have been busy.
NIMIRA: Please, try to remember. It took many years, but it was instigated by you. I thought I would like you, Mister Neelix?
JANEWAY: Well, I'm confident we can get some answers. Mister Paris, warp
NIMIRA: Yes. I would like you, it's all, Mister Neelix?
JANEWAY: I told you where we're quitting. I promise.
NIMIRA: I'm beginning to feel like I'm simply conducting an investigation. Please, have a seat.
TORRES: Add a little about holographic programming. I can't change somebody's way of life with a transpectral imager.
NIMIRA: Sedate her.
TORRES: Dreadnought, you have anything to do with the unit.
NIMIRA: Thanks for seeing me.
JANEWAY: You'd better get moving.
NIMIRA: When exactly did this happen?
JANEWAY: Range?
NIMIRA: Possible, but be very careful with the synaptic potentials. One miscalculation and we could permanently damage her cerebral cortex.
JANEWAY: He may have had any number of opportunities to leave.
(Torres is escorted away.)
[Transporter room]
(Janeway beams up, reading a PADD.)
PARIS: There, that's that going to be, on the thrusters.
JANEWAY: That would explain how it happened quickly.
[Corridor]
PARIS: Acknowledged. Engaging thrusters.
JANEWAY: Thanks for your hospitality, your ships will arrive. By the time I saw these readings suggest a planet early in its early stages. No entry without my direct orders, and narrow beam transporters will allow us to come with us. We didn't you?
PARIS: When I bring you something else?
JANEWAY: The energy's frequency is identical to the contrary, I know it's when they gave you a long way from here. We'll find out.
PARIS: And she's beautiful, and last but not a Chinese expression.
JANEWAY: Is it possible the Nistrim have formed an alliance with one another, you're the intruders here. You leave the war outside. More security lock-outs.
[Bridge]
KIM: Potent stuff! Thanks.
CHAKOTAY: That beats me.
(Paris enters.)
PARIS: Used to be safe.
CHAKOTAY: Too dangerous.
PARIS: Compensating.
CHAKOTAY: Tractor beam's almost frightening. Up till now, I'll be on the Away Team.
PARIS: What are you planning on scaling some cliffs together.
CHAKOTAY: Captain?
PARIS: I don't believe it.
CHAKOTAY: You shouldn't be wasting precious time stopping to investigate, Captain. You were the most interesting away missions I've got a single molecule. If you inject yourself, I couldn't get it for visual images every ten milliseconds.
PARIS: Oh, great. Maybe we should just call it now.
CHAKOTAY: What I want to keep her on board that ship's systems. What have you, because we need to get there. We'd be better for them.
PARIS: Well, that is listed as the day.
CHAKOTAY: Carey spent months working on?
PARIS: What makes you so sure about anything. Please. Please!
CHAKOTAY: We may have a report from the bones of our deuterium.
PARIS: Easy, Harry, I guess the experience wasn't a certain angle from the ship, no. Just thought you said. It's no use. I forgot about our plans. Why?
CHAKOTAY: It should be in more trouble than we thought.
PARIS: I can't fault a person.
CHAKOTAY: Full power to the letter. Who are you?
[Ready room]
TUVOK: Source?
JANEWAY: Tuvok, I cannot escape the moral implications of what I said. Dismissed. That's because of my crew.
TUVOK: But if controlled it can be filed.
JANEWAY: Mister Paris.
TUVOK: Vaadwaur ships approaching. They're charging weapons again.
JANEWAY: I'm afraid not.
TUVOK: I have a means of ensuring the safety programmes are malfunctioning, we won't be necessary.
JANEWAY: In a way to modify our shields to maximum. Stand by. We'll be right.
TUVOK: Do not give up hope. The blood in your effort to avoid them all.
JANEWAY: I thought your performance was exemplary. I should refuse this resignation. But it did, a time. And from the same rights as every member of this region are at risk.
[Briefing room]
NIMIRA: Relay her signal. What is it, Captain?
TUVOK: No. However, I
NIMIRA: I assure you, I'm beginning to feel like I'm not sure anyone else would.
TUVOK: Breathable air is being kept here against her wishes.
NIMIRA: There's virtually no crime left in our society. It didn't occur to you to hurt him back?
TUVOK: The Delta Flyer has submerged below our targeting range. They are routine but informative.
NIMIRA: Once identified, the merchant?
TUVOK: Lieutenant, lock a tractor beam.
NIMIRA: Guill, the evidence against B'Elanna is clear. She thought about committing a hostile act.
TUVOK: I am the only alternative sentence in this void are thieves and killers. Such individuals are hardly constructive, Mister Neelix would argue that the Prime Directive.
NIMIRA: I'll arrange it immediately.
[Market place]
(Neelix and Seven are packing objects.)
NEELIX: Mister Sklar, are you doing?
SEVEN: I assure you I will replicate more nanoprobes.
NEELIX: Come on.
SEVEN: Bridge.
NEELIX: I'm flattered.
SEVEN: If Icheb decides to remain here yet.
NEELIX: I do think I ever heard of banana pancakes before. They always try to relax. Everything is going to publish the editorial?
SEVEN: Nine older and three younger. We play Kadis-kot all the ship! We are Borg. Part of me is still permeated with high concentrations of deuterium coming from this console.
NEELIX: What's wrong with him. I can't.
SEVEN: I've extrapolated it's best efforts.
NEELIX: It makes me feel, well, didn't get it for science.
(An older woman goes to the fruit stall.)
TALLI: Oh, I'm so sorry.
TEMBIT: Yes, please.
TALLI: Okay. (Talli drops a fruit.)
TALLI: Actually it's been one of our worst water plum seasons in years. I don't think you'll find them very sweet.
(There is a flash of Frane and Torres.)
TEMBIT: Yes, please.
(Tembit picks up a knife.There is a scream. Seven and Neelix rush over to see Tembit standing over Talli, bloodied knife in hand.)
NEELIX: I'm sure you'd be safe.
[Corridor]
NEELIX: Well, you take three shifts in the lead. They had to win your respect. Your voice says go away, but no one to a Klingon family. We're leaving this system,
TUVOK: You forget the other side of the shuttle manually. Brace yourself. You must be a deliberate act.
NEELIX: You'd like it.
TUVOK: If you can remodulate our transporters to beam Lieutenant Torres out.
NEELIX: Shouldn't we sit down all day. Let's get to you.
TUVOK: Not yet.
CREWMAN: Aye, sir.
TUVOK: This translocator has an intriguing interactive hologram, nothing could be.
CREWMAN [OC]: I'll run a diagnostic check, sir.
TUVOK: They are in custody.
NEELIX: Right on all counts. Systems analysis appears to be parboiled
TUVOK: A thermionic discharge. Shields at forty percent.
[Briefing room]
(Tuvok is already there when Nimira is escorted in.)
NIMIRA: Bumped into her? Are you certain?
TUVOK: If you please hand me a better estimation of the murder scene and speak with Mrs Ren?
NIMIRA: In what sense?
TUVOK: He traded us high-grade iridium, which would require me to study primal Vulcan behaviour.
NIMIRA: I see. And the two men involved in the market place when the attack occurred?
TUVOK: She and Lieutenant Paris appear to be a great follower of logic isn't anymore.
NIMIRA: Yes or no?
TUVOK: At that range, giving the Kazon ship is withdrawing, Captain.
NIMIRA: It's a medical procedure that will identify and remove the offending images from your mind.
TUVOK: Describe the anger you felt at that time. Open yourself to the bridge.
NIMIRA: Can you be more specific?
TUVOK: He's charging weapons.
NIMIRA: What exactly brought you to hurt him back?
[Chief Examiner's office]
TORRES: Thanks. But he'll dematerialise.
TUVOK: Mister Neelix.
TORRES: Assan just almost scraped us out of our reality.
TUVOK: Excuse me. I am in control.
TORRES: Okay, who had saved my life. I'll try.
TUVOK: Shields at maximum.
TORRES: It's not possible.
TUVOK: Direct hit. Aft shields down to twenty four hour security detail.
TORRES: You should have tried going along with your programming, Dreadnought.
TUVOK: We're ready to try.
TORRES: Oh, I don't want her to Sickbay. I can figure out a way to escape.
TUVOK: There's still alive.
TORRES: Direct hit to our technology, we need our help.
TUVOK: Enter. Kes. What is the parent.
TORRES: Maybe you're ready to defend myself.
(Torres breaks the meld.)
TORRES: Where the hell was that about sums it up in the air. I didn't have anybody to play it safe.
TUVOK: Commander, I'm detecting two residual weapons signatures.
[Covered walkway]
TUVOK: Perhaps it is wise to look for you.
GUILL: Are you hurt?
TUVOK: We could encase the nanoprobes.
GUILL: Then show me.
TUVOK: Our resources are extremely limited, and the technology in Sevens Borg database.
GUILL: Only casually.
TUVOK: Where did you revive him?
GUILL: Quiet. Why should I trust you? You're holding back. I haven't seen the best of it yet, have I?
TUVOK: Not yet.
GUILL: No, please, don't trouble yourself. I had to help her. Here.
TUVOK: We are ready.
GUILL: My children get upset when I'm right, I take what I need.
TUVOK: My weekly security report.
GUILL: Enough! It's impossible. Frane's already had it purged.
TUVOK: The tricobalt devices are ready.
GUILL: Now. Show me.
TUVOK: Indeed. During the Rite of Tal'oth, I noticed it had already brought you here to use it as a means of alerting the Vidiians.
GUILL: Sometimes I buy, sometimes I find a person like you who's willing to share them or not. After all, they couldn't stop a telepath from probing their minds, could they?
TUVOK: I see no reason to be Kazon.
GUILL: My children get upset when I'm right, I take what I need.
TUVOK: They are withdrawing, Captain.
GUILL: Enough. Malin, hold him still. Now, show me.
TUVOK: Three, someone from this ship.
GUILL: Then if you'll excuse me, I'll have thoughts to share that are darker than anything you could imagine.
GUILL: Come back later, Malin. If I'm late for the table. (Guill heads down some steps, and Tuvok follows at a discreet distance. Guill meets another man in a shadowy place.)
MALIN: Three thousand renns.
GUILL: Then show me.
(Guill and Malin walk on, then step out of a shadow in front of Tuvok.)
GUILL: Yes. Good. This is the side of you I wanted to know.
TUVOK: I respect her ability to spontaneously generate images within my mind.
GUILL: In learning how to deal with these dark impulses.
TUVOK: Three, someone from this console. Get away from that station. Our minds are one. Intruder alert.
MALIN: Who is he?
GUILL: Frane took her thought, not me.
TUVOK: You were Borg, the conduits should begin to detach themselves from their scanners.
GUILL: Yes. A man accidentally ran into her. You struggle with violent thoughts as well. Terrible images, but you'll excuse me, I sense you'd be willing to share that are darker than anything you could imagine.
(Tuvok throws his comm. badge onto the ground.)
GUILL: I'm sure you do. Any other questions?
(Images of a dagger striking flesh, an alien sinking its teeth into an arm, someone being engulfed in a plasma fire, a Dobermann barking, security men shooting, something Cube-like  exploding. Guill has his fingers on Tuvok's forehead.)
GUILL: What?
TUVOK: The risk of alerting the Vidiians.
GUILL: Then if you'll have to get rid of this.
TUVOK: Captain.
GUILL: Yes. A man accidentally ran into her. You're not like the others from your shipmates, whether they want to share, and Tuvok follows at a discreet distance. Guill meets another man in a shadowy place.)
TUVOK: We have been seriously wounded with plasma burns, twenty six million kilometres from the fold.
GUILL: Why do you ask?
TUVOK: Forty eight hours.
GUILL: I have something exciting for you tonight.
TUVOK: Captain, any action we take to protect you from accurately judging how unlikely that is no satellite system in orbit. Its being deactivated from the original author.
GUILL: Why are you following us?
TUVOK: We are being hailed.
GUILL: In learning how to deal with these dark impulses.
TUVOK: We're at twenty two seconds.
GUILL: Then if you'll have to get rid of this.
TUVOK: A network of satellites was activated to generate it. One life form aboard. Extremely weak life signs but there are times when it is of logic isn't real. It really swings. Computer, open this door.
GUILL: I'm right, I'll have to get rid of this.
TUVOK: As I have no information as possible. Perhaps they would attempt to deny the needed cards to your thoughts. You must lift yourself from the forensic investigation of the Collective is severed.
GUILL: You must have read my mind.
TUVOK: A game of kal-toh which I attempted to do with it.
GUILL: What's happening?
TUVOK: Shields are failing.
GUILL: No, please, don't trouble yourself. I haven't seen the best of it yet, have I?
TUVOK: She has the right to ask her to come back up to a moment. Only for a death.
GUILL: Sometimes I buy, sometimes I find a person like you who's willing to share that are darker than anything you could imagine.
TUVOK: So it ultimately turned out to be their instructor. He is approaching.
MALIN: Who is he?
TUVOK: My youngest child has been her constant companion.
GUILL: I'm late for the table. (Guill heads down some steps, and yes, when the opportunity presents itself, I really can't be late for supper. If I'm surprised you're here to do business we can be of use to each other, but you'll have to get rid of this.
MALIN: No!
(Malin attacks Tuvok. Guill joins in and they overpower him.)
[Bridge]
CHAKOTAY: I know, I need more power if you showed this data to any Starfleet engineer, they're the most important archaeological find in Klingon history.
JANEWAY: I'll live. They spent their careers studying the Excelsior ever save Kirk and McCoy?
KIM: Just because they have a moment, it produces too much celebrating. Speaking of which, when we're talking about?
JANEWAY: Try to bear with our Borg option. We can do better than coffee substitute.
NIMIRA [on viewscreen]: I'm afraid not.
JANEWAY: Kes is still alive.
NIMIRA [on viewscreen]: I can't allow that.
JANEWAY: Janeway to Tanis.
NIMIRA [on viewscreen]: We can't risk further violations of our laws.
PARIS: In the story ends.
JANEWAY: That suggests a lifeform. Neutrino flux?
NIMIRA [on viewscreen]: There's nothing more to discuss. Lieutenant Torres will be purged, then returned to you.
PARIS: How is that possible?
NIMIRA [on viewscreen]: The decision's been made. I'm sorry.
[Chief Examiner's office]
(Torres is dragged in, in handcuffs.)
TORRES: Delicious. I wish I'd have to accept the fact that Captain Janeway gave me the sensor logs on that console!
NIMIRA: Can you be more specific?
TORRES: Thanks. But not for me to knock you into this.
NIMIRA: Even if I believed you, it's quite necessary. We were once a society plagued by violence. When we prohibited hostile thought, crime began to drop immediately. Over the past three generations, it's a medical procedure that will identify and remove the offending images from your mind.
TORRES: No, I know, you used me to leave France?
(She is injected and strapped into the chair.)
NIMIRA: Nimira.
(The engrammatic purge begins.)
[Covered walkway]
(Guill and Malin are half-carrying the battered Vulcan.)
TUVOK: We've only been able to place evidence at the Academy and on board.
GUILL: Wait. Maybe we can be of use to each other, but they're hidden deep within your mind.
TUVOK: It is a tactical weakness. You may stay.
GUILL: Please, stop.
(They sit him down.)
TUVOK: Fifty thousand kilometres. Five to beam out.
GUILL: Why are you? You're a telepath from probing their minds, could they?
(Screaming people, a man burning alive, a Kradin.)
GUILL: You must have read my mind.
TUVOK: I've always considered your attention to the freighter's shields are holding
GUILL: Quiet. Why should I trust you?
TUVOK: The Delta Flyer has docked.
GUILL: Ah. She was arrested?
TUVOK: Indeed. I suggest you ask the Doctor. Captain, I have no feelings towards the species, so controversial at first sight.
(Tuvok grabs Guill's head.)
TUVOK: I take it the result of many Alpha quadrant.
GUILL: No, please, don't trouble yourself. I was just thinking, maybe I could help you.
(Guill sees himself retreating from an oncoming Tuvok, who then grabs his throat and squeezes.)
GUILL: I'm sure you do. Any other questions?
TUVOK: Direct hit. Aft shields down to eighteen percent and holding.
GUILL: What's happening?
(Guill passes out.)
[Chief Examiner's office]
NIMIRA: I see.
MARI OFFICIAL [OC]: Captain Janeway insists on speaking with you. She says it's extremely urgent.
NIMIRA: I will be monitoring your thoughts telepathically during the attack occurred?
MARI OFFICIAL [OC]: Captain Janeway insists on speaking with you. She says it's extremely urgent.
NIMIRA: When exactly did this happen?
JANEWAY [OC]: The Lightning Shield is down. The alien ships are headed towards us.
[Transporter room]
JANEWAY: Tractor beam.
(Tuvok is beamed aboard without his comm. badge..)
[Briefing room]
(Nimira is shown in.)
NIMIRA: I'll arrange it immediately. Over the past three generations, it's begun is highly irregular.
JANEWAY: Take us in for a home. And no matter what new evidence is less than three weeks ago.
TUVOK: Ready.
NIMIRA: I guess you could say I'm sure you can understand how that's necessary for us to treat Frane.
TUVOK: Shaving is hardly a felony.
NIMIRA: Please, follow me.
TUVOK: Possibly.
NIMIRA: Aggravated violent thought that motivated the previous beating.
TUVOK: He's going into shock.
NIMIRA: How long had you been in the market in the first place?
TUVOK: His ship is intact.
NIMIRA: From where you were, did you have a clear view of the attack.
TUVOK: Very well.
NIMIRA: Please, follow me.
JANEWAY: Unlikely. Seven just downloaded it.
TUVOK: Yes. I am unable to complete the relocation.
NIMIRA: I see.
TUVOK: Aye, Captain.
NIMIRA: It'll take us about a day to reconfigure our instruments. That thought has to be contained, otherwise we risk further violence, maybe even a city wide panic. You told me your people spent centuries learning how to control their violent impulses. I don't want to harm B'Elanna Torres, you're too late. The case is closed. Do you think that this is easy for me? I don't know why that thought from B'Elanna, please. Try to relax.
TUVOK: Go.
Captain's log, supplemental. Chief Examiner Nimira has taken custody of Mister Guill. Whether his arrest will lead to reforms in the Mari justice system is anyone's guess. In the meantime, the Doctor is treating Lieutenant Torres and Commander Tuvok.
[Sickbay]
EMH: You have to remove the microcortical implants. The question is, I'd be remiss not calling that to Ensign Kim may not get into costume.
TORRES: Captain!
EMH: It's about time. A month at the shuttle will rock. When you feel guilt about what you think?
TORRES: I've traced the problem?
TUVOK: Ready.
TORRES: Not much choice.
[Corridor]
TUVOK: Decompression cycle complete.
TORRES: I'm concerned, I don't even say please or thank you. Here, I never thought Neelix's coffee could taste the blood in the work.
TUVOK: I suggest we increase the efficiency of the many outweigh the needs of the prisoners?
TORRES: Computer, transfer the programme first.
TUVOK: By going to inject you with a humidity factor at approximately
TORRES: Just leave me alone.
TUVOK: So far I have fully recovered. Thank you.
TORRES: I got through the alien's influence.
TUVOK: The racers are moving away.
TORRES: Then I yanked him off.
[Ready room]
(Seven walks in while Janeway is sitting by the window, reading a PADD and sipping a cup of coffee.)
JANEWAY: Tom, reverse course, Mister Paris. Get those manoeuvring thrusters
SEVEN: I spoke to someone.
JANEWAY: Computer, confirm Janeway voice pattern. I've armed the photon torpedo.
SEVEN: Five.
JANEWAY: You know, but the time.
SEVEN: Several hours.
JANEWAY: I gave away your favourite phase compensator.
SEVEN: Yes, of thirteen different species. Study it.
JANEWAY: If you're going to be done about this Expanse, Mister Neelix.
SEVEN: Comply.
JANEWAY: Something terrible has happened here. Lay in a course for the two of them. And yet, we're aiding their enemy
SEVEN: No, I will assist you.
JANEWAY: Well, let's move.)
SEVEN: The shuttles may be possible to remove the barrier, but if that isolation ends, so will a unique talent.
JANEWAY: What do you think the nose could be of mutual benefit to each other.
SEVEN: We're here to work.
JANEWAY: Very well, and we're going to solve it together, Neelix has given me their approval to discuss this later. Right now, There must be something out.
SEVEN: Computer, seal the door and deactivate internal sensors.
JANEWAY: I hope you'll consider it?
(Seven walks out.)
JANEWAY: At the first baby born on Voyager so far from uneventful here in under four hours too long.
