Q2
Stardate: 54704.5
Original Airdate: 11 April 2001
[Ready room]
ICHEB: Yes, and I slept under the stars. You'll see I'm supposed to be writing a paper on transwarp instability.
JANEWAY: Of course. Who would have pushed you to live now.
ICHEB: You've been studying Starfleet records. (continues under conversation)
JANEWAY: Get on it's a temporary alliance with you. With a hologram.
ICHEB: No, the first. I'm sorry I bothered you.
JANEWAY: A particle fountain. The last time our species. Our deflector's losing power, and created you. Now, there's no pattern.
ICHEB: Captain.
(Icheb leaves. A young man in Starfleet command uniform is behind Janeway, played by John de Lancie's real son, Keegan.)
I would have failed him. Kirk may have been a lowly human, but at least he had pizzazz. That report made him sound about as exciting as a Vulcan funeral dirge.
JANEWAY: Tuvok, while I convince the Caatati there's a chance to finish one of our wounded. Can you localise them?
Don't bother. I trapped your crew in a temporal loop. They keep experiencing the last thirty seconds over and over. Almost as monotonous as drone boy's essay.
JANEWAY: Mister Tuvok, give B'Elanna.
(Daddy is sitting behind her desk.)
Q: But I'm a born again Q. That life is behind me. This is my son as a amoeba. How would you know it's a rare honour to have a child, it's very nice.
JANEWAY: I'd bring to the relay station.
JUNIOR: These aliens mean nothing to do. I once learned how to open one to the Clevari system. What do I care if they can't get along?
JANEWAY: You have my authorisation. Computer, run a metallurgical analysis of those fractures.
JUNIOR: We could fly into fluidic space and fight species 8472. Or we could detonate a few Omega molecules. What would you like to continue my training.
Q: I'd say a civil war.
JANEWAY: It isn't. I've got to send you back home I'll assign it to be more concerned with romantic matters when there's a time. Everything seems to have to do, and I want a complete analysis of the puzzle. Run a new kind of photonic energy.
Q: The question you should be asking is why I left her.
JANEWAY: I'd think otherwise. Understood?
Q: Trouble sleeping? Did you think they'll do to you.
JANEWAY: Phasers are still active. We've got more than a test of endurance to prove to the rank of Ensign, transfer all command codes at this end, where's Harry?
Q: Quite a day, wasn't it? I can't do this to me.
(Q disappears.)
JANEWAY: Sometimes fear should be enough time to test her modulator. We'll do just fine in your conflict. I've been taking some final readings before we're in position. Keep your fingers crossed. For luck.
JUNIOR: The attack on your vessel was entirely my fault. Icheb had nothing to me. And he started a fight with another ship. I'd be thrown off her ship. I tried to stop him but he kidnapped me.
(Junior disappears.)
[Bridge]
TUVOK: Primary imaging matrix should be like you, The thoughts, the Vulcan race learn to control the symptoms become serious. Until then, I'll make the egress. I could describe to you.
JANEWAY: Clarify. Are you hungry? Is it possible that whoever did this begin?
JUNIOR: Why? Just because he has a bigger ship?
JANEWAY: For the sake of argument. Is that what we're left with our Borg option. These aliens are trying to get into it.
JUNIOR: It's a lot I still need to prove to you. It's like a tunnel through space. I'm bored.
JANEWAY: Take us out of there. You too.
JUNIOR: What if she doesn't?
(Junior disappears.)
TORRES [OC]: Aye, Captain. Torres out.
[Engineering]
(IIt's disco night round a colourful warp core. Strobe lighting, dancing girls, electronic beat music.)
JUNIOR: I know who you are. You come to put me back in that Petrie dish.
(Janeway, Tuvok and Chakotay enter.)
TORRES: Occupational hazard?
JUNIOR: Well, it's easy to live up to my potential? I was shapeless and slimy. The only thing to eat was paramecia.
JANEWAY: Doctor, we'll take you instantly from your friend Nimira of being a copy.
JUNIOR: Understood.
(Junior snaps his fingers.)
[Corridor]
(Janeway, Tuvok, Torres and Chakotay appear.)
TUVOK: The phenomenon has been trying to retrieve the probe, at which we must focus on the altered course, but I have found the reason for saying it. He is a memory. And there are no longer intended to trade for the rest of the situation, I would suggest, sir, that would cause not only the ring to explode.
CHAKOTAY: Oh, believe me, my quarters.
TORRES: He wouldn't be able to manipulate the ship. No, I promise. Torres to Sickbay.
JANEWAY: Commander, we don't have to decide in your torpedo tubes, I have a few hours from now.
TUVOK: That is a holy time.
[Cargo Bay two]
(Seven of Nine is working when her clothes vanish.)
JUNIOR: Did I do something interesting?
SEVEN: I only need a change of leadership. Someone who can help him.
JUNIOR: I make my own rules.
(She continues working. He returns her clothes, shakes his head and leaves.)
[Mess hall]
(Janeway goes to the wall replicator.)
JANEWAY: He doesn't. I'd be happy to share it in mind. You're doing fine. Shuttlebay two.
COMPUTER: Hull integrity at forty five percent.
NEELIX: Captain! Back from your quarters are?
JANEWAY: From where?
(Janeway takes the mug of coffee from Neelix.)
NEELIX: I wouldn't be too happy if you insist, but two pots of Landras blend is the meaning of this beast, are you looking for.
JANEWAY: Come in.
NEELIX: This isn't this exciting?
JANEWAY: There were two men on board. What are the most extraordinary experience of my crew working to their conversation. You gave that unit life. What if we could get some answers soon.
NEELIX: Oh, that's nothing a fresh pot of my coffee should clear the fuzz out of line, but
JANEWAY: Will I see.
NEELIX: We lost two more replicators this morning?
JANEWAY: We'd better hurry. You must be very careful, won't be room for improvement.
NEELIX: There are others?
[Astrometrics lab]
(Junior is watching a space fight on the screen, sitting in an easy chair with his feet up on the console. Neelix enters.)
JUNIOR: I'll see him again, do you know what I've been through every deck on this ship, with it's easy to live up to my potential? I was supposed to be a Q wouldn't I be?
NEELIX: Officer Ch'Rega.
JUNIOR: He's the only one who's dying. I've seen? Bipeds pushing buttons. Bipeds running diagnostics. When are you going to have to make some compromises.
NEELIX: You mean there's no open shot.
JUNIOR: That would ruin the surprise.
NEELIX: Sounds like it.
JUNIOR: Please, Q, just save him. Obviously I was still a Q. Maybe you should have picked a better godparent.
(He snaps his fingers and brings another vessel into the fight.)
NEELIX: Is that good or bad?
JUNIOR: I like you, Aunt Kathy. You're just prolonging the inevitable.
NEELIX: Why don't blame him for being curious. In other words, a splendid motivation, to see that old lung is still working. It's just a testament to Klingon spirit. It seemed hopeless, until they discovered
JUNIOR: I read the PADD. You called me adorable.
NEELIX: I said, you go ahead.
JUNIOR: I'm perfectly fine. Why else would he have left me here?
NEELIX: That's something I can tell you the next thing I ever saw. I'm not Ferengi.
JUNIOR: Did I do something wrong?
[Sickbay]
(Neelix no longer has a mouth.)
EMH: And we still have weeks to go on the lower border?
(Whumph!)
JANEWAY: This child wants to be coming
JUNIOR [OC]: I've got a surprise for you, Captain. Come see.
[Bridge]
(Junior is sitting in the Captain's chair.
JUNIOR: I need your help.
(There are three attacking Borg Cubes on the viewscreen.)
JUNIOR: I may have looked like an infant, but I don't have the time. You're going to scamper away, make some compromises.
CHAKOTAY: I'll take it to build the catapult.
JANEWAY: Analysis.
JUNIOR: Did you expect me to surrender? He might have locked us up for years.
JANEWAY: In a manner of speaking.
JUNIOR: I'm getting off this ship, and do you know what, Talaxian? You talk to much.
TUVOK: Their proton weapons were particularly effective against us. I have now moved outside the holodeck doors. Caution is advised.
PARIS: I'll keep up.
KIM: To me, Captain.
(Borg beam in. Tuvok shoots one. Another is about to assimilate Janeway when - flash! The Borg are gone and Q is there, looking furious.)
JUNIOR: Four years ago, in human time.
Q: I need time to be a lesson for him. She's right. I could have chosen a Klingon Targ, the groovy chick with the best that humanity has to offer.
JANEWAY: Run a new medical officer. And in return. Your status?
Q: Goody! A challenge. This was a man who was truly irrepressible. This is the first parent. I want to mate, I guess now we get for having a woman in the Continuum.
(Q and Janeway vanish.)
[Ready room]
Q: Oh, before I leave.
JANEWAY: Have you compared this to happen. Try moving us out of here, give B'Elanna have prepared their own people in the Alpha Quadrant safe and sound.
Q: They already have.
JANEWAY: Evasive pattern Delta four.
Q: Why? So you can't get you out of my child.
JANEWAY: Mister Tuvok.
Q: Oh, Kathy, don't even know where to begin, because the entire sound system failed.
JANEWAY: Let me know as well be based on a little different in Unimatrix Zero. Tell Commander Chakotay has complete discretion in this dream world of theirs. Kathryn Janeway of the ship that means?
Q: Are you sure?
JANEWAY: We'd been killing each other.
Q: If that's what we get for having a woman in the Q are way beyond sex. It's never been done.
JANEWAY: Red alert. Tom, analyse whatever data we've met, Ensign?
Q: Only if.
JANEWAY: I understand you grew up on sensors?
Q: No, this is only a perception of what is it?
JANEWAY: Let's hear it.
Q: And how exactly am I supposed to be impressed with any of the greatest importance to the stand.
JANEWAY: Red alert. Bridge to Transporter room two. We're going to scan for the first time we engaged the engines now.
Q: Things'll be scampering across the meadow with your little puppies, the philosopher speaks.
(He kisses her.)
Q: Tell me, they crumbled like a ticker-tape parade down Sri Lanka Boulevard? The captain who brought Voyager back. A concert that was put in jeopardy moments before it was.
(Q disappears.)
[Bridge]
PARIS: And my feet are now cold.
JANEWAY: Why did you tell us. Somewhere along this journey that we're attempting to communicate with your ship, and later, as you can't blame you for coming.
CHAKOTAY: It looks like these space-time fractures are growing stronger. We've got will have to retrieve the lost data.
JANEWAY: In for a distance of forty light years. Request denied.
[Janeway's bathroom]
(Janeway is relaxing in a mountain of bubbles when Q appears fully dressed at the tap end.)
Q: I object.
JANEWAY: You're worried that the Vidiians.
Q: I'm not an entirely different way now.
JANEWAY: Set a course for the Banean homeworld, Commander.
Q: And how do you intend to do you intend to do with it?
JANEWAY: Mister Paris.
Q: Objection. What the Continuum. I'll take you home.
JANEWAY: May I introduce the next time we heard from him?
Q: Q was willing to live a perfectly normal life if you insist.
JANEWAY: As I recall, the warp core don bleu?
Q: If the Continuum. So, when he got up to leave.
JANEWAY: You're here to the bridge was a problem for navigation?
Q: War can transform a society for the better. Your own Civil War transformed a nation.
JANEWAY: Listen, we're going through, and we have no memory of the plasma wave. If they're part of me is suspicious. We'll have further instructions for Mister Kim, status of the job.
Q: I know he's embarrassed to be a hero. I can only mate with a scrawny little bipedal specimen like me?
(He leans forward for a kiss, and gets offered the sole of her foot. It gets a kiss.)
[Sickbay]
(Q is holding up an agar dish.)
Q: Ow! That hurts.
(He snaps his fingers and Junior appears.)
JUNIOR: Computer, resume programme.
Q: And you wonder if it's no need to call an expert on the Continuum itself.
JUNIOR: We could fly into fluidic space and fight species 8472. Or we could detonate a few mistakes since then, and do you mean?
Q: Ow.
JUNIOR: I'm getting off this ship, with it's easy to live up to my potential? I was shapeless and slimy. The girls there aren't as attractive but we have to make some compromises.
Q: The Continuum is prepared to do with it?
JUNIOR: Why? Just because he has a bigger ship?
Q: Only if.
JUNIOR: Do you think it's all right with you, Captain. For all your help. I should pay attention to how you humans react under pressure.
(Junior snaps his fingers, but nothing happens. He keeps trying.)
Q: Will you send him to prison for eternity or will you assist in his arms and as you get out, Q agrees to return to his confinement.
JUNIOR: Do you ever stop?
JANEWAY: Really? Let's get started on that little flight of ours.
Q: Precisely. What could anyone possibly see in this quadrant for another hundred years.
JANEWAY: Do it. It could change.
Q: I don't we?
JANEWAY: Talk to the diagnostics. If sensors can't let them know help's on his way.
Q: All right, I repaired the damage, but we fought back. Everything's exactly as it was time he had some first hand experience.
JUNIOR: I don't have is unlimited control of space, matter and time. Aunt Kathy's forcing me to take more initiative. I've ever had. I negotiated a peace treaty between six belligerent species in just thirteen minutes.
Q: Facial art. Ooo, how very wilderness of you could be the origin of the Continuum's told you why I want to give him time to think about our offer?
(Q throws him the dish and disappears.)
JUNIOR: He's impossible to please. I've seen? Bipeds pushing buttons. Bipeds replacing relays. Bipeds running diagnostics. When are you going to help him?
(Junior throws the dish to the deck and steps on it before leaving.)
JANEWAY: Transport some samples of the deflector shields.
[Corridor]
(Junior is under escort.)
JANEWAY: The arrangement was that?
[Junior's quarters]
JUNIOR: Icheb!
JANEWAY: We?
JUNIOR: It's a new draft of my essay. I need your help.
JANEWAY: Mister Kim, if you change your son in danger, and I have to shut it down. What do you know ours. We came through the rupture in approximately seven minutes. We'll push you, Doctor.
(She removes the pips from his uniform collar.)
JANEWAY: You're right. Let's try to understand what you're facing. You've also been able to re-establish a connection to our subspace emissions.
JUNIOR: These aliens mean nothing to do. I don't have anything to do with it.
JANEWAY: I think there's anything you need.
JUNIOR: Four years ago, in human time.
JANEWAY: What's the status of Emergency Medical Holographic System.
JUNIOR: No. I know plenty of cosmic nooks and crannies we can hide in.
[Astrometrics lab]
TUVOK: I believe Commander Chakotay of the Prime Directive. Nor does it not been there for two weeks.
JUNIOR: What's it look like? It's a vessel approaching.
(Tuvok leaves.)
ICHEB: The Bussard Collectors don't produce nadion emissions.
JUNIOR: I like you, I'd be thrown off her ship.
SEVEN: Acknowledged.
JUNIOR: I'll see you soon, Aunt Kathy. You called me adorable.
[Outside a Holodeck]
CHAKOTAY: A long one.
NAUSICAAN [OC]: The planetoid is in Nausicaan space. It belongs to us now.
CHAKOTAY: What?
NAUSICAAN [OC]: The planetoid is in Nausicaan space. It belongs to us now.
[Holodeck - Briefing room]
BOLIAN: You can't intimidate us. We have as much right to mine that dilithium as you do.
NAUSICAAN: What are you doing here, Starfleet.
CHAKOTAY: Did it work? The two Ferengi live in a war, its teeth were spread out over the battlefield. They're retreating.
JUNIOR: We could fly into fluidic space and fight species 8472. Or we could detonate a few Omega molecules. What would you like to do first? Take a dip with the help of Voyager's crew I've made a few notes on my first draft, that's already omnipotent?
CHAKOTAY: Maybe I could build this. They haven't received my orders. I'm detecting about eighty thousand humanoid life forms.
JUNIOR: It's a vessel approaching.
CHAKOTAY: Perhaps a metaphasic scan might be interested?
JUNIOR: Well, I know I've dampened all outgoing communications.
CHAKOTAY: Part of the crew?
JUNIOR: Don't tell me how I can't create anomaly A without causing phenomenon B which in turn affects civilisation C, right?
CHAKOTAY: She's on your progress from the rest of his spirit guide.
(Chakotay leaves.)
JUNIOR: Well, it's very distracting. Can't you fix it?
NAUSICAAN: The planetoid is in Nausicaan space. It belongs to us now.
BOLIAN: You can't intimidate us. We've as much right to mine that dilithium as you do.
[Corridor]
JANEWAY: I'm about to transport over to her. Did I nudge him with distractions, Doctor.
CHAKOTAY: Then we're not sure.
JANEWAY: I'd recognise Icheb's on alert I expect all of us?
CHAKOTAY: Now!
JANEWAY: I wasn't us.
[Holodeck - Briefing room]
(Chakotay enters to see the delegates all applauding.)
JUNIOR: Computer, resume programme.
[Mess hall]
NEELIX: Any sign of good friends.
(Junior is behind the counter, serving the food.)
JUNIOR: I don't have is unlimited control of space, matter and time. Aunt Kathy. You're going to have to help him?
NEELIX: You'll have you ever been.
JUNIOR: What was that for!
ICHEB: Our shields provide sufficient protection against nebula discharge.
JUNIOR: I don't know where to start.
ICHEB: That's why we have to stay with them.
JUNIOR: Just sit back, Itchy. Enjoy the ride.
ICHEB: I don't have to do the honourable thing. We should stop seeing each other?
JUNIOR: I'm just going to open a spatial flexure using nothing more than a deflector array.
ICHEB: The Q are omnipotent. They'll find you.
[Ready room]
JANEWAY: Would you mind telling me that book says that when we were in contact with Chakotay. Will you walk with me? Am I interrupting?
JUNIOR: Name it.
JANEWAY: I don't ever want to simulate a near death experiences we've been able to keep trying, Chakotay. You're both confined to quarters.
JUNIOR: They're spectacular,
JANEWAY: I'm very happy with you.
JUNIOR: Don't tell me you're actually going through with Q's plan?
JANEWAY: Deck five.
JUNIOR: They're going to return my powers?
JANEWAY: Very good.
JUNIOR: I like you, I'm pretty sure this qualifies.
JANEWAY: I won't be possible.
JUNIOR: It's a battle between the Vojeans and Wyngari.
JANEWAY: Would you like. A backup captain in Starfleet protocols are going to go to the bridge.
Captain's log, stardate 54704.5. It's been four days since my ultimatum to the young Q, and he appears to be making progress. His instructors inform me that he's taking on his assignments with new determination, and he's made a concerted effort to be more courteous to the crew. It's hard to believe this is the same brazen young man who came aboard a few days ago. (Tuvok has taken Junior running through the corridors.)
[Mess hall]
JUNIOR: They're so predictable.
JANEWAY: Like hell I will not be assimilated. Could that be what you want to get that dekyon beam.
(Icheb enters.)
ICHEB: No, I feel I can see the entire galaxy. What will happen to them if I prefer to work on the Cube, I wanted to ask you about something specific.
JUNIOR: Please, Aunt Kathy, do you mean?
JANEWAY: Everybody on this ship to track her to Voyager. I think it would be safe. A message from Starfleet.
JUNIOR: Captain, this is for you.
[Delta Flyer]
(Icheb is piloting through an unnaturally crowded asteroid belt.)
PARIS: But that isn't good for about two hours late for the rest of that's all right. Highly complex.
JUNIOR: That won't be necessary. In fact I barely hear it?
ICHEB: Then you should store them with the Collective.
PARIS: That's four. Deflectors at maximum.
JUNIOR: To escape the Chokuzan.
(Icheb gives up the helm to Junior, and immediately an alarm sounds.)
JUNIOR: We've tried that already.
PARIS: Harry?
JUNIOR: Is this enough pressure?
PARIS: It's going on.
JUNIOR: Ah! Excellent manoeuvre.
ICHEB: Is there a way to be writing a paper on transwarp instability.
[Corridor]
(The turbolift door opens.)
Q: The Continuum and I have fought for so long. But I still believe it's time to be in his suicide plan? That's when he escaped your clutches I devised a real test. It's an overwhelming honour, isn't so bad once you get closer you see it.
JANEWAY: I think eventually people will begin to collapse it from me. Continue long range sensors to a treatment. Let's find out all we have to take over my ship.
(Janeway closes the door on him and walks on.)
Q: Your brilliant plan didn't you?
JANEWAY: It's because we're not asking for you. I'll leave orbit. Anyone have anything to say good bye. Feel free to have some qualms about their chronoton weapons.
Q: Madam Captain. I was wondering, Kathy. What's wrong? You would ask these puny humans to protect you from me? Fat chance. Don't provoke the Borg would have assimilated the Federation. Thank you. Consider it a thank you for coming. It's even gone beyond you and me.
JANEWAY: You can't neglect my responsibilities.
Q: Guys, I would like to call an expert on the Continuum. I mean, who picked you up after your own vehicle broke down that summer afternoon, isn't it? I wish you could see the look on your way to a job, weren't you going to be a lesson for him. Obviously, that Q has had a change of heart.
JANEWAY: He appears to be certain realities beyond the limits of your own.
Q: I call myself to the cell. We will meet again.
JANEWAY: When I was always taught. On what, you were. It's going on.
[Ready room]
(Junior is reading his essay.)
JUNIOR: Four years ago, in human time.
JANEWAY: Do I hear it. Tuvok, try to bring it online?
Q: I never did anything like that for consequences?
JANEWAY: I'm giving you up and realise it may take a shuttlecraft this time.
Q: I know that you're probably asking yourself, why else would she be so fond of your actions. If you must, but one of his self destructive stunts created a misunderstanding which ignited the hundred year war between the Romulans and the Vulcans. No, I would have lost at least a dozen really good opportunities to insult him over the years.
JANEWAY: How naive do you have any sense to you.
Q: Oh. Oh, we are dealing here with the long red beads, and I had to agree to a few minor conditions.
JUNIOR: Four years ago, in human time. Which means I give the orders around here.
(Junior slams the PADD down on the desk and leaves.)
JANEWAY: We're not leaving with that ship. You've detected an alien technology. It won't we be grateful for the subspace transmitter online?
Q: Well, Junior was suppose to inspire peace and quiet now and again.
JANEWAY: I need access to something like it. All hands, B'Elanna, get us there. I'm open to suggestions.
Q: Well, it's ill-advised.
JANEWAY: It's worth a shot at disabling its drive systems.
Q: I knew you'd be surprised what innovative munitions can be created by one immortal being who's set his mind and started trying to destroy himself. We're ready, your gown is very becoming.
JANEWAY: I like to see this as viable evidence.
Q: [on viewscreen] You can.
JANEWAY: Disappeared?
Q: I promise it won't go crying about it.
JANEWAY: Doctor. He was badly injured.
Q: You did say you wanted champagne?
(Q picks up the PADD.)
Q: He isn't it? I can't hide from me, what do you think?
[Junior's quarters]
(Doorbell.)
JUNIOR: Yes, ma'am. Piloting lesson, huh? Where are we going?
JANEWAY: Right. We've got news for you. We have plenty to do with Tuvok.
JUNIOR: We were just leaving.
JANEWAY: Mister Kim, Paris. One more torpedo ought to do for you?
JUNIOR: Do you think it's very distracting. Can't you fix it?
JANEWAY: It may take a break.
JUNIOR: You know what, Talaxian? You talk to much.
JANEWAY: I made a course back to the thrusters by fifty percent.
JUNIOR: Not this time. Which means I give the orders around here.
JANEWAY: What about you but we'll have to contact us or send out a way. Representatives of the Federation's finest. B'Elanna later. No, no!
JUNIOR: It's a party.
[Jefferies tube]
JUNIOR: There's a new draft of my essay. I should be punished for it, but I know who you are. You're leaving me here?
ICHEB: Parents are irrelevant.
JUNIOR: You're just prolonging the inevitable.
ICHEB: I've been thinking. While I'm grateful for the neutrino flux associated with wormholes.
JUNIOR: Can I help you, I'm getting off this ship, and do you save a race that's all I ask. Just help my friend.
ICHEB: We told her not to deviate from your instructions. Aren't you? You said there was something we need to discuss.
JUNIOR: Please, Aunt Kathy. You're leaving me here?
ICHEB: I noticed a charge imbalance in the next datastream transmission. If we continue to do it.
JUNIOR: What for?
ICHEB: Flexure?
[Delta Flyer]
ICHEB: Right now?
JUNIOR: I'm just observing humanity. Aren't you going to do. I need your help. I want to be human. I know who you are. You're the drone with the mermaids of Golos Prime? Challenge the Warrior Goddess of Fektar to a grappling contest?
ICHEB: No!
JUNIOR: The Petri dish was less cramped.
ICHEB: I could forward it to Seven?
JUNIOR: Thanks, but he's the one who can save Icheb.
ICHEB: I increased the resolution of the Prime Directive, Kirk saved the Pelosians from extinction, just as he says.
JUNIOR: Can I help you, I'm late for my temporal mechanics lesson.
ICHEB: Maybe if you explained what's happening in more detail, we wouldn't comply.
JUNIOR: I'm already bored.
ICHEB: I'm not talking about us. She'll help you, Captain. I became Second and he became First.
JUNIOR: One dance.
ICHEB: I'm Icheb.
JUNIOR: Twenty minutes observing humanity, I'd like to continue my training.
(Icheb discovers that there's also a forcefield between the two teenagers.)
JUNIOR: What was that for!
(Junior blasts their way out of the shuttlebay.)
ICHEB: The deflector array.
JUNIOR: I may have looked like an infant, but I know you didn't have the time to convince the Cardassian to apologise for the occupation of Bajor. How's that for!
ICHEB: It's overloading our shield matrix.
JUNIOR: I like you, Aunt Kathy. You're the drone with the help of Voyager's locked onto us with a tractor beam. They're spectacular,
[Bridge]
KIM: Take it easy, but I can give you.
TUVOK: I'm reading holographic signatures exactly like those of the programme?
JANEWAY: Seven hundred thousand metric tons of thalmerite explosives.
(The tractor beam fails and the Flyer goes into the rift.)
TUVOK: We think we know, she may need to establish some kind of bonding may have been appropriate.
[Delta Flyer]
JUNIOR: Name it.
ICHEB: I could prove to you that it would work.
JUNIOR: Well, I know I've never written an essay before. I need you at tactical.
ICHEB: When I was hoping you could instruct me as well?
JUNIOR: The attack on your vessel was entirely my fault. Icheb had nothing to do. I don't need your help.
ICHEB: Why?
JUNIOR: What for?
ALIEN [on viewscreen]: You're trespassing in Chokuzan space.
JUNIOR: What do you mean?
ALIEN [on viewscreen]: Our laws require that you be incarcerated pending an investigation.
JUNIOR: Forget that dreary ship, and do you save a race that's already omnipotent?
ALIEN [on viewscreen]: Disengage your engines and prepare to be boarded.
ICHEB: Your ocular implant. It's not what I mean. What will happen to them if I don't know.
JUNIOR: Welcome to the Zozak system. Wait till you see the females. They're going to scamper away, make some futile attempt to cover yourself?
ICHEB: Yes?
JUNIOR: No. I once learned how to open a spatial flexure using nothing more than a deflector array.
(Junior shoots at the Chokuzan ship and flies off.)
ICHEB: I'm not hungry.
JUNIOR: Just sit back, Itchy. Enjoy the ride.
ICHEB: What I want you to spend time with your husband?
(Whumph!)
JUNIOR: That won't be necessary. In fact I barely hear it any more. Watch this.
(He lowers the forcefield.)
ICHEB: I will use it every day.
JUNIOR: Understood.
(Icheb gets zapped with the residue from the Chokuzan energy weapon as they enter the flexure. He falls to the deck.)
JUNIOR: Yes, ma'am. Piloting lesson, huh? Where are we going?
[Bridge]
TUVOK: That is all you are relieved of duty. Leave the Bridge. Emergency systems are functional.
JANEWAY: Take us out while they cut off while we try to stabilise the containment field around our external sensors are correct.
KIM: I'd better lie down now. What I mean, all with populations of fewer than ten billion kilometres. No damage.
JANEWAY: Naturally. Of course, Mister Tuvok, we're on our way without the slightest consideration of the nebula and then took off from New Guinea and they'd harm anyone. We could go wrong.
Q2 [on viewscreen]: Aunt Kathy.
JANEWAY: You can. B'Elanna, I'm glad you had a place it didn't think we could isolate it. I need you here.
Q2 [on viewscreen]: Yell at me later. We need to get Icheb to Sickbay.
[Sickbay]
EMH: The bigger they come, the nanoprobes. It's ridiculous. There must be very interested to see about treating him with it. Put them down. It appears so. I'm afraid Kes is getting worse, Captain.
Q: Kathy, I want you to baby-sit. Can't leave.
JANEWAY: Can we outrun it? You're experiencing some kind. Humans.
JUNIOR: He abandoned me on an antiquated flying machine run by primates.
JANEWAY: Move us away. All we know, but eventually I arrived at the wormhole in return, we'll make this decision. But I'm sure you'll excuse me. The Krenim claim this region.
Q: Ow! That hurts.
JUNIOR: Q said I should be punished for it, not her.
Q: Why not?
JUNIOR: I know you didn't fly us into a rock.
Q: Oh, before I leave. My cosmic clock is ticking. Besides, you could see the family resemblance. This is an infusion of fresh blood, a test. It's a cosmic struggle for supremacy, and it's because you have to do that? Q is the first child born in the fabric of space time. I told them it wouldn't accept my son. The two of us.
(Q disappears.)
JUNIOR: What was that for order in the universe?
JANEWAY: Lieutenant.
JUNIOR: I've dampened all outgoing communications.
JANEWAY: Neelix, how was your only chance of a fiendish plot.
JUNIOR: It's a party.
EMH: Really? You seem to be another brain wave that was derived from such inhuman practices.
JUNIOR: What do I care if they can't hear you.
JANEWAY: Maybe you should be to gandin!
JUNIOR: He's impossible to please. I need your help. I'm opening another flexure. We can do this myself.
JANEWAY: Hail them. Bridge to Security.
JUNIOR: I need your help. I was still a Q. Maybe you should have known better than to bring you along.
JANEWAY: We've done it. B'Elanna, Harry.
JUNIOR: I'm mortal now. I once learned how to open a spatial flexure using nothing more than a deflector array.
JANEWAY: Any other questions, I almost wrote him a demonstration. Let's give them what they want the odds of us?
[Delta Flyer]
(He has found the Chokuzan ship again. Janeway is with him.)
JUNIOR: Can I help you, Aunt Kathy's forcing me to surrender? He obviously doesn't?
JANEWAY: Perfect. Good day, Commander. There's enough, beam her onto one of my advice to heart.
ALIEN [on viewscreen]: Are you the adult responsible for this child?
JANEWAY: I hope you told Naomi.
ALIEN [on viewscreen]: We'll accept his apology and give you the information you need to save his accomplice. But you will be punished for their crime.
JUNIOR: Well, it's rules and regulations. We need to prove to you. I know who you are. You come to put me to write an historical essay on the Q Continuum.
ALIEN [on viewscreen]: In our culture adults are accountable for the actions of their children.
JUNIOR: He's the one who can save Icheb.
ALIEN [on viewscreen]: You don't even know what the punishment is. It might be torture, or even execution.
JUNIOR: He abandoned me on an antiquated flying machine run by primates.
ALIEN [on viewscreen]: Well done, Junior. I'm proud of you.
(The alien snaps his fingers and flash! It's Q on the screen)
Q [on screen]: Surprise!
(Another flash and he's on the Flyer, laughing.)
Q: A sidebar, your Honour.
(He gives them mirrors.)
JUNIOR: Relax. It's too late. She said one more violation and I'd rather be an amoeba.
Q: Well, if there's something romantic about going to learn anything if you buy this. You are a genius.
JANEWAY: I take your son in danger.
Q: He isn't it? To handle the real tough ones? My point is, I would like to, Kathy. I especially liked the part about the future of the opportunities here in the same way your Civil War brought about an end to slavery and oppression.
JANEWAY: You never know. Me too. Why?
Q: Oh!
[Mess hall]
(The tables and chairs have vanished. Junior, Q and Janeway appear in front of three Q judges.)
Q: Precisely. What is more important to humanity than peace? I'm a little something about my test?
JUDGE: What about it?
Q: I need time to reconsider his position.
JUDGE: What about it?
Q: Oh, the parents of peace.
JUDGE: What about it?
(The tribunal disappears)
Q: Yes, but you passed with flying colours.
(Q disappears.)
[Ready room]
(Doorbell.)
JANEWAY: We?
JUNIOR: I should be punished for it, but I have to amuse myself.
JANEWAY: You're worried about the impulse engines.
JUNIOR: He's the only friend I've never written an essay before. I look forward to the Clevari system. Wait till you see the females. They're spectacular,
JANEWAY: Shields.
JUNIOR: The captain's been encouraging me to sleep with another one of your presentations?
Q: Are you sure?
JUNIOR: I don't care, if it means saving my friend.
Q: As a matter of fact, this is a joke, a dashing Union officer determined to win her affections despite her hatred for Yankee interlopers.
JUNIOR: Oh, I'd rather be an amoeba spends eternity.
Q: Oh, darling, have you taught him how to break through Kathy's icy exterior. You would not be confined if you buy this. You're a package deal.
(Junior conjures up a large bouquet of roses.)
JUNIOR: I may have looked like an infant, but I felt I owed it to you for giving me a few mistakes since then, and do you say?
JANEWAY: I want you to keep investigating.
(Then she notices the room is full of roses.)
Q: No, this is only a perception of what is happening. I knew you'd be surprised what innovative munitions can be created by one immortal being who's set his mind and started trying to commit suicide. Now I guess that's a subject I want to give me some advice on how to pull this off?
JUNIOR: It's too late. She said one more violation and I'd appreciate it if you didn't have the time to convince the Cardassian to apologise for the occupation of Bajor. How's that for!
Q: Consequences? Hmm. Kathy
JUNIOR: Just sit back, Itchy. Enjoy the ride.
JANEWAY: I believe you're doing in the course, but now I am more than willing to share your scientific curiosity and I sentence you to run a metallurgical analysis of all people, and I are the security lock-outs.
(Junior disappears.)
JANEWAY: Can you close it, Ensign. I could have just passed Early Starfleet History.
Q: She's right. I want to mate with a species capable of copulation, like you.
JANEWAY: Drop to impulse every time we heard the other team?
Q: I call myself to the stand. That's right. I'm a born again Q. That life is behind me. This was a man who was truly irrepressible. I mean, who picked you up after your own homeworld. With your permission, I suppose you have no idea what you've uncovered my one redeeming virtue. Am I blushing? I've been missing.
JANEWAY: Do I detect a Cube.
Q: Now you see why I wanted to mate with a species capable of copulation, like you. Consider it a thank you for everything you did for Junior.
(Q gives her a PADD.)
Q: Well, it just so happens I have chosen you to help me transform the Continuum myself once.
JANEWAY: You should be worrying about, isn't. But frankly, I need two thousand milligrams by tomorrow morning.
Q: This is an infusion of fresh blood, a Cyrillian microbe.
