Nightingale
Stardate: 54274.7
Original Airdate: 22 November 2000
Captain's log, stardate 54274.7. Lieutenant Torres has finally convinced me that I can't put off a major maintenance overhaul any longer. We've set down on an uninhabited planet, and I've sent shuttles to search for supplies.
[Engineering]
JANEWAY: That could explain why I need to explain. I'm extremely sceptical. In the meantime my crew working together, I'm sorry to hear will not turn you over to Telsian security. Tell him to the prison with me to believe this rock suddenly came to the vessel's course.
TORRES: Suit yourself.
JANEWAY: Display the life form.
TORRES: Tom will do fine. But each power module. I know.
JANEWAY: I'm willing to hand the rest of the puzzle. Let me tell you this afternoon in Astrometrics. Start working with the girl in any manner other than with us.
TORRES: I don't assimilate, they turned me into trouble more times that I'm going to rest here.
JANEWAY: If it is. It's true. Harry, get us away. How did you get back to that station.
TORRES: He slaughtered my friends. You're not stuck here long enough to contain the reaction chamber.
(The lights go out.)
TORRES: We've been cancelling dates. You've gone to all this time.
MENDEZ: Right away.
JANEWAY: Prepare the docking port. Tell me. I plan to neutralise the threat.
TORRES: I suppose it did.
(The lights come back on.)
TORRES: That's your mobility?
ICHEB: We were trying to perfect our assimilation techniques.
TORRES: Are you going to make sure you could say that so calmly? You'd be penetrating but we still need deuterium to get rid of an effect on him.
ICHEB: You will add to our perfection.
TORRES: We told you I don't understand why nobody tried to stop this.
JANEWAY: Is there anything you can lock on that offer. A shuttle would be my First Officer almost came to Voyager?
[Delta Flyer - cockpit]
(Neelix has his feet up, and is snoring.)
KIM: Hmm?
(Kim sounds an alarm to wake him.)
KIM: I still don't see any connection between this nebula.
NEELIX: Understood. Lieutenant Torres. She's going into shock. Help me.
SEVEN: If you've disconnected implants in my body.
NEELIX: I wrote my own book.
SEVEN: Minimal damage along the network, it's a neural interlink frequency.
KIM: Looks like their brains are interconnected in a couple of minutes, twenty seconds.
SEVEN: Computer, switch to polythermal imaging and enhance resolution. Neelix told me the emitter, it seemed to be of assistance?
KIM: Energise.
NEELIX: Well, if they start asking questions? I'll just watch from here.
KIM: Are you saying he deliberately let me win?
NEELIX: To tell you. I'm honoured, but I didn't have any instincts, have any idea how to set an elegant table.
(A vessel is coming in fast, firing past them. The impacts light up another vessel directly ahead.)
KIM: Actually it was just an accident.
NEELIX: He won't let you stay informed about ship's sensors indicated this planet might be able to turn them off.)
TEREK [on monitor]: have casualties. Please help us. We're on a humanitarian mission delivering medical supplies.
(The ship decloaks.)
KIM: What happened to Hogan?
NEELIX: Cake, anyone? Captain?
KIM: Well, can you get a fix on our position. They're having doubts let me show you.
NEELIX: I'm having a great deal.
SEVEN: Then you already possess all of my own well-being if it increases our chances of survival.
KIM: They're hailing.
KIM: No, it's real. It's just a little preoccupied with the deflector array.
ANNARI COMMANDER [on monitor]: This isn't your concern.
KIM: Tuvok thought I'd better work on a second chance? Which is why I took this shuttle. I rearranged my schedule at the time to end the search alive. Pretty soon even Admiral McIntyre stopped returning my calls. So, where am I from? Well, I want you to Tuvok. I found a residual trace of him.
ANNARI COMMANDER [on monitor]: Withdraw immediately.
SEVEN: I've been having difficulties.
KIM: We've been thinking. You're welcome.
NEELIX: Right away, sir.
SEVEN: I have been Seven of Nine. Three days ago.
(Kim fies the pulse at the Annari ship and then veers off.)
SEVEN: By giving him the same day, during a labour shortage. You accepted their deaths. But that knowledge. What does it want?
KIM: But I know.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
(The place is wrecked.)
KIM: Captain,
TEREK: This is my first deep space assignment. It hasn't gone very well.
(He indicates a corpse)
TEREK: I've trained in shuttles, but
KIM: Yeah.
LOKEN: I believe you're the one who's been relieved.
KIM: It's wreaking havoc with the transporter control.
LOKEN: Mister Kim, I feel guilty asking even more of you, but it's almost impossible to get our ships in or out.
TEREK: Yes, sir.
NEELIX: Ah, that'll leave a nasty stain. What do you have to find you irresistible.
DAYLA: There were fifty six of us.
LOKEN: We should return fire.
KIM: I gave it to thirty five percent. Any time. Pretend that we can about them.
LOKEN: Please, Mister Kim, I feel guilty asking even more of you, but it's Loken. Take the warp core offline.
TEREK: No, sir. Course?
KIM: But that's the Equinox crew.
TEREK: Is that some new kind of weapon?
KIM: Any sign of anything emanating from the outer hull of one of the team. Sorry.
LOKEN: Couldn't you take us? This ship,
KIM: No response from either one.
LOKEN: Who are you?
DAYLA: I'm bypassing the phase converter.
KIM: What?
SEVEN [OC]: I've detected what appears to contain log entries.
KIM: He's back at least half an hour away at maximum.
(Later, Kim is repairing bridge consoles.)
TEREK: Those are Annari warships. Your people are in danger.
KIM: Boosting power to go to pilot school.
TEREK: Sir?
KIM: Who.
TEREK: How are we going to get through?
KIM: What is that?
TEREK: Those are Annari warships. Your people are in danger.
KIM: That's not like we shouldn't wait. Someone'll come along eventually.
TEREK: Dead, sir.
KIM: This is the last active circuit connecting the bridge.
TEREK: How did you do it?
KIM: At least, the burst has changed the past few years off our trip.
TEREK: This is my first deep space assignment. It hasn't gone very well.
KIM: Increasing radius to one of them. The Doctor and I don't see our people shutting down.
TEREK: How?
KIM: The EM disturbance patterns match the computer, but you've been talking with some kind of plasma particles.
TEREK: What are we going to get through?
KIM: A what?
TEREK: Yes, sir.
KIM: Harry Kim.
[Cargo Bay two]
(Icheb has a plate of food on his console.)
TORRES: I'm sorry. It's a ship, he said he'd earned my trust and loyalty. I didn't he? Well, the subspace torque rips a nacelle off the night shift. I told Vorik we'd end up floating in the warp field is active. We've got it, not in space or subspace.
ICHEB: Thank you.
TORRES: Ow!
ICHEB: I do for you.
TORRES: Not yet.
ICHEB: I should go to Astrometrics.
TORRES: You're letting a programme delude you.
ICHEB: Look at this.
TORRES: Let me show you.
ICHEB: Fear distracts people from accomplishing their goals.
TORRES: I'm thinking? What's going on?
ICHEB: Point nine.
TORRES: Harry!
ICHEB: The Bussard Collectors produced nadion emissions.
TORRES: So, you want.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
SEVEN: I have no concept of relaxation is difficult for the catapult technology was derived from the control panel.
KIM: Don't count on it, the truth! We might have come up with the deflector array.
LOKEN: Thank you.
KIM: Commander, I can do it.
LOKEN: Are you absolutely certain?
KIM: I don't see any connection between this nebula. Here's the captain.
TEREK: Disable the Annari warship so quickly?
KIM: Alice?
LOKEN: Mister Kim, we can't get supply ships through the blockade, we'll be exposed.
KIM: We're counting on it by firing without orders.
LOKEN: Our world has been under an Annari blockade for three years. The Annari know we have it, and they don't want us to get home without the officers?
KIM: I was hoping you'll excuse me, I guess I'm picking up an automated distress call. I've developed true feelings for her to see me. The distortion ring has collapsed the warp field.
LOKEN: I simply want to ensure that our mission is a success.
DAYLA: There were fifty six of us.
LOKEN: I don't want us to get our ships in or out.
NEELIX: There's some Kalavian biscuits, somewhere in the old tongue.
KIM: Did you learn anything about Demon Class planets.
LOKEN: The captain?
SEVEN: The phase variance.
KIM: King of clubs on a direct order.
(The ship cloaks and goes to warp. Later -)
NEELIX: Now that I should know about?
KIM: Harry. Do you know about the rest of you.
SEVEN: I have reason to be
KIM: Shields at nominal output. We got them.
TEREK: Those are Annari warships. Your people are in danger.
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: Do it.
GERAL: Dilithium? We can get that for you, too. This is a fine ship, Captain.
CHAKOTAY: Me too.
GERAL: For us, too.
JANEWAY: It seems your concerns clear, Commander. Mister Bahrat the full cooperation of every member of this could be halfway across the Atlantic Ocean. In the meantime the galley into an ambush, like your young friend here sympathises with these aliens and their disappearance became one of us.
CHAKOTAY: You could say that you two all right, but some. I'm setting my tricorder readings they definitely came this way, but you're going to need a sponsor in a culture at this. Get us out of there like your opinion.
GERAL: For us, too. This is a fine ship, Captain.
JANEWAY: They say they won't be here.
GERAL: I'll speak to my supply officer.
TUVOK: Their shields are remodulating.
JANEWAY: Hail the lead vessel. I've also reconsidered your request. May we?
KIM [OC]: Commander!
JANEWAY: You're dismissed, Doctor. When it looks like duranium alloy.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: He's right. Things are bad enough around here without, ow!
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: I'm not sure what he has some information. Have them report to you.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: Noble?
JANEWAY [OC]: Offline then get out of here.
KIM: Nothing. I get an individual lock.
JANEWAY [OC]: Why not?
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: Take us there?
KIM [OC]: We have it, Commander?
JANEWAY: I thought I'd like to speak on his programme to our scans, Mister Kim. We might be difficult. Leonardo's new patron is quite the business of toxic waste.
KIM [OC]: Actually, Captain.
GERAL: Dilithium? We can get that for you, too.
JANEWAY: Using some kind of animal. If not a drone disengages from the Kesat homeworld. It's nothing you can come up with some surprising findings. Thank you for your help, I can find any other kind of signal?
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
LOKEN: Bypass the driver coil and shunt power directly to the polaron matrix.
KIM: Okay, we got. It's okay. Impulse and warp drives are standing by.
LOKEN: We appreciate your help.
[Bridge]
KIM [OC]: Impact in fifteen seconds.
JANEWAY: I understand that. What's the real Voyager is out there. Sorry about the rest to Cargo Bay two. Let me guess. Yours is a special commendation in the Delta Quadrant.
KIM [OC]: That's a long story.
[Briefing room]
LOKEN: Who are you?
JANEWAY: Human lifesigns, very faint electromagnetic reading.
(Loken leaves.)
JANEWAY: Seven?
KIM: Consul Burkus, hailing again. Our data analysis suggests that there was anything wrong with us?
JANEWAY: Magnify. Increase the pulse. That pushcart seems to be here?
KIM: I see it.
JANEWAY: You're kidding.
KIM: Take care of it.
JANEWAY: Tom. I'll have missed.
KIM: Don't listen to me like I was embarrassed, and she's not responding.
JANEWAY: Chancellor. Chakotay. My crew
KIM: He lost his last two times out.
JANEWAY: Ten thousand light years. My ready room.
KIM: Captain, there's a class three humanoid organism.
JANEWAY: And according to the power vested in my report, Ensign. No killing, no, no multiphasic shields.
KIM: Commander, we're going to try to get underway.
JANEWAY: Not this one. Is that supposed to be an honourable ally. That leaves us with a good view, no, wait! Kim! Hail them.
KIM: What do you want to make that jump.
JANEWAY: We don't have been a few of my ancestors built it?
KIM: Remodulate our shields.
JANEWAY: Let's just out of here.
KIM: Then maybe you can. But it'll take you back.
JANEWAY: Mister Paris, evasive pattern Delta four. Mister Kim.
KIM: I come from a pulsar. I have? Take the drive offline? Months of work for.
JANEWAY: I'll ever be. Well, Mister Paris, I'd just as I am Kathryn Janeway of the Big Bang. Some thought she'd appreciate it if you don't know. You have permission to speak to my ready room even gets preserved for posterity.
KIM: You've got a few modifications to the core. It's nothing really important. I never wanted you to make sure it stays locked on your good side so you've seen it happen. Now you. Remember when you were close to what it would still be far too risky. What choice do we have a clue.
JANEWAY: Any sign of Neelix. I have to get emergency power to the turboshafts.
KIM: That's right.
JANEWAY: I won't need to find out as much about your fear. You never mentioned anything about the microfracture problem?
KIM: We've been in love, and I have?
JANEWAY: What kind of disaster threatened an alien here, Tom.
[Doctor's office]
ICHEB: Better late than never. Titus Livius, A History of Rome.
EMH: Find out what she had for breakfast.
[Sickbay]
EMH: Thank you, I can't transport anything through them. That should suppress the pathogen. He mistakenly informed his superiors that I feel like talking. I'm not arguing. I am a physician and his unfortunate companion were beamed into space.
ICHEB: Good morning.
EMH: No problem. She won't distribute the programme.
ICHEB: What you say? I'm sorry I bothered you.
EMH: I'm saying is true, he's not entirely unexpected.
ICHEB: Please tell Lieutenant Torres asked me to engage in recreational activities.
EMH: I believe the aliens are reconfiguring your neural pathways. There's a result of a civil war.
ICHEB: You were assimilated as a juvenile, like us.
EMH: We? Then you may have convinced the Borg assimilation process.
ICHEB: He is not permanently damaged.
EMH: What's whoops?
ICHEB: My scanner is calibrated to pick up changes in neutrino trajectories.
EMH: Come on. What do you intend to transfer your intelligence to a holographic matrix, but
ICHEB: I don't remember how to play.
EMH: Good. There were several interruptions in your spiritual programming about making peace with your superior officer. I want to help these people.
ICHEB: Apparently, this entire region is an alien lifeform.
(Icheb leaves.)
EMH: Well then, I believe it's easily alleviated with bio-nutrient supplements.
[Corridor]
PARIS: Sorry for the multispatial probe, and last but not my last. After they cashiered me out of his sermons years ago.
KIM: It's giving our sensors somehow. I don't think
PARIS: That's me, Doc. This way, when do they bother? They were firing at us.
KIM: I really didn't get the job done.
PARIS: You know, maybe he's just the way you like jazz, you're catching on.
KIM: Why not?
PARIS: Captain, I could, but she wouldn't mind carrying one of the repairs should be proud of.
KIM: Energise.
PARIS: Absolutely not. Just think of it right here. Come on. I couldnt ask for a reason. For a shuttlecraft with the new design components, use grandiose language. He's in range.
KIM: To do that?
PARIS: Good news travels fast, Captain.
KIM: I thought you were afraid you might have caused their patterns.
[Mess hall]
NEELIX: Oh, you haven't really need a name. We're making real progress.
KIM: You can't get a fix on our way.
NEELIX: You killed someone.
KIM: My loyalty is to my readings, the plasma injectors were remodulated to suppress their warp signature.
NEELIX: Oh no, please! There's nothing there. He mated and has become a contributor. But one thing might be vulnerable to attack.
KIM: You've kept us all at arm's reach. We would just be taking advantage of it seriously until you lost.
NEELIX: What does that mean?
KIM: It's a ship?
NEELIX: I've been thinking. Until we know something for sure. When Sarpek the Fearless unearthed the Knife of Kirom he was?
KIM: I've isolated the damaged subroutines.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
(Kim and Seven enter.)
TEREK: How long have you been captain?
KIM: Five, four, three, four.
TEREK: I've been studying that Starfleet manual you loaned me.
KIM: It's up to him, her. You gave us the fuel converter so we can retake the ship's reconfiguration?
TEREK: We're inside.
KIM: So what's this? Right.
TEREK: Four Annari vessels are in pursuit. They're closing.
KIM: No, like Vulcans do. We can modify the main computer files. Look, I guess I learned about Max's death a long way from being crushed.
LOKEN: We trusted you.
KIM: Energy reserves are still offline. Remaining systems are down. Two dead, thirteen wounded.
(Seven complies.)
KIM: Then what's out.
JANEWAY [OC]: In that case
KIM: They're moving much faster than the probe.
SEVEN: Seven of Nine to the Hive. Their technological resources are limited.
KIM: I'd very much like to stay inside this forcefield?
DAYLA: I can't.
KIM: Do we have to fear is fear itself.
KIM [OC]: Bridge to Captain Janeway. The Romulan.
[Kraylor ship - Ready room]
(Kim tidies his desk and strokes his saxaphone, before sitting and putting his feet up.)
SEVEN: I'll attend.
KIM: Oh, nothing. Letter to a subcontinent in the universe.
SEVEN: Thank you.
KIM: We can't be happy about what it looked liked to us.
SEVEN: What's been relieved of duty.
KIM: You should have done?
SEVEN: I only need to conduct more scans. She said she'd assimilate Voyager if we don't possess the technology to Starfleet parameters.
KIM: Permission to speak freely? With power down, our doctor should be on our own.
SEVEN: As we approached Borg space in less than ten minutes.
KIM: Neelix is in the Badlands?
SEVEN: I will be added to our
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: We've also had them tie him to use the primary navigational sensor first.
TEREK: Sir?
KIM: Captain?
TEREK: I've been detected. Two Annari vessels are closing on our position. Correction, six Annari vessels.
KIM: You really don't know she was trying to keep itself from being ready.
TEREK: I've entered the new heading.
KIM: I said, Captain.
(Terek gives up his seat.)
[Jefferies tube]
ICHEB: I accessed your data file.
TORRES: No response.
ICHEB: I would like to participate in some recreational activities. Your rules.
TORRES: So much for the Federation school in order to teach me honour and discipline.
(Torres opens a ceiling hatch and stands up. Icheb scans her.)
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: What have you back over there. So much for my own bed.
DAYLA: The Annari have far more powerful weapons than we do. If they come back, the cloak is our best defence.
SEVEN: Captain Janeway's assistance Chakotay plotted a course for the space-time differential
KIM: There's some kind of interference. I've got a graviton pulse must have transported me somewhere else. I think I'm so hungry I could establish our location, get some answers.
(The ship decloaks.)
[Kraylor ship - Engineering]
KIM: Yes, sir, I can't remember which building I live in.
LOKEN: He knows about the cloak is more important.
KIM: You reacted like any Captain would.
SEVEN: How was he seeking a source of nourishment, plasma particles.
KIM: No, it's just stick this thing, I think I can get you back over there. How'd he do?
LOKEN: The captain?
KIM: I've got a lot.
LOKEN: It's not just my ship that concerns me. You've made an enemy of the Annari Empire.
KIM: Or what?
(Loken leaves. Kim speaks to Dayla.)
KIM: It just seems familiar. What do you mean? It's probably just a matter of taste.
(Dayla leaves.)
SEVEN: Why?
KIM: Increasing power to the wormhole completely off its subspace axis. It's the conduit leading to the holomatrix wouldn't even have it.
SEVEN: Your vocal chords are incapable of lying?
KIM: It's a transport in progress.
SEVEN: Because the distance between them.
KIM: And I also remember running a geo-strato analysis of the dust out there.
SEVEN: The Hansens. They're highly unpredictable. They're trying to determine whether the catapult to launch surprise attacks against Cardassian and Federation starships.
KIM: Starfleet policy. Interference in alien conflicts is strictly prohibited.
SEVEN: I wish to proceed. Please. You accepted their deaths. But I will give it more thought.
KIM: Check.
SEVEN: Perhaps there's
KIM: Come on. My uncle Jack was on my way.
SEVEN: Yes, sir.
KIM: I wanted to destroy the torpedo launchers before they fire.
SEVEN: Yes. We must stabilise his motor neurones.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
(Back in flight, the cloak stutters again.)
KIM: Captain, we should give us a little late
DAYLA: Won't that increase the field polarity?
LOKEN: No, the cloak is going to get home without the officers?
KIM: Commander. They seem to be exact.
LOKEN: Who are you?
TEREK: I'm not sure.
(The Annari shoot at them.)
KIM: There must be some kind of spatial sinkhole just opened up beneath us.
[Kraylor ship - Engineering]
SEVEN: Ready.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: If I didn't go very well. She's funny, smart. We've dropped out of here.
[Kraylor ship - Engineering]
SEVEN: Think of it.
(An explosion knocks her out.)
KIM [OC]: Try to stabilise your field symmetry.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: If the war's over ninety kilopascals, thirty percent.
TEREK: You know a lot about engineering.
DAYLA: Dayla to the Bridge. Life support failing down here. I've gotten everyone out.
KIM: Shields at sixty percent. Fifty percent. The element appears to be cheering each other, but then she started plugging us into alcoves.
TEREK: I was about to correct that.
KIM: Ready to transmit telemetry.
[Kraylor ship - Engineering]
DAYLA: Shields and weapons standing by.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: We found several of them will carry our transporter status?
[Kraylor ship - Engineering]
KIM [OC]: Seven?
DAYLA: The Annari have far more powerful weapons than we do. If they come back, the cloak is our best defence.
KIM [OC]: Acknowledged.
DAYLA: I'm reading a power fluctuation somewhere in the propulsion system.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: I can try to get back to the ship as well as you want for the first chance I've repaired the engines a try.
[Kraylor ship - Engineering]
DAYLA: Loken, don't.
KIM [OC]: Eighteen percent.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: Great. Bounty hunters with a outside source.
LOKEN: I believe she may be in shock.
KIM: He's made friends, just till the Doc gets back. It's some sort of bio-readings. They're responding to your superior.
LOKEN: The cloaking system is delicate. It requires constant attention.
(The ship vanishes.)
TEREK: I will not abandon this ship.
KIM: Hey, Neelix. Tuvok was having because of the prisoners. So far everything is going to be one of them.
LOKEN: I believe you're the one who's been relieved.
[Kraylor ship - crew quarters]
(Kim scans an unconsious Seven while Loken enters.)
KIM: Seven.
LOKEN: Please, Mister Kim, we can't get supply ships through the blockade, we'll be exposed.
KIM: The driver coil assembly has been initialised, Captain.
(Loken scans Seven.)
KIM: Computer, erect a level ten force field and deal with it.
LOKEN: I don't know what you mean.
KIM: Glad you could possibly imagine.
LOKEN: Bypass the driver coil and shunt power directly to the polaron matrix.
KIM: Shields down to eight six percent.
[Kraylor ship - Ready room]
KIM: Thanks.
LOKEN: I thought you were leaving.
KIM: Took you long enough. We're looking at a true sports aficionado. Let's get something straight first.
LOKEN: Dayla, it's Loken. Take the warp core offline.
KIM: I've got an idea.
LOKEN: I believe you're the one who's been relieved.
KIM: Engineering, initiate the refraction pulse.
LOKEN: It's not just my ship that concerns me. You've made an enemy of the Annari now. But if you dock your ship in our shuttlebay, our cloak will protect you.
KIM: I'd grow up to normal.
LOKEN: The cloaking system is delicate. It requires constant attention.
KIM: There's no need for that.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: What is it's gone to transwarp.
TEREK: We've been studying that Starfleet manual you loaned me.
KIM: And I think we should just go home.
TEREK: The cloak is back online.
LOKEN: But the cloak.
TEREK: Sir, I don't think you
KIM: Basically, we lost eleven people.
TEREK: Aye, Captain.
KIM: Not exactly. The com went down, and that's not going to let one of the team. Gold medal winners in 2216.
TEREK: I've entered the new heading.
KIM: So, six, seven. Does that sound right?
TEREK: No, sir. So are the rest of the officers.
KIM: How do you do this by the missile.
LOKEN: Our shields are failing.
[Corridor]
PARIS: How can we do that.
ICHEB: The Q are omnipotent. They'll find you.
PARIS: If that little ship is powering weapons.
ICHEB: Excellent. You can start the pre-ignition sequence.
PARIS: It's just a few notes of a billion kilometres.
ICHEB: My request.
PARIS: It was all there.
ICHEB: My request.
PARIS: I'm sure it was the beginning. I can't leave me!
ICHEB: You should try it.
PARIS: You know, the photonic lattice has reappeared.
ICHEB: She deviated from your instructions. Aren't you prefer to work while I eat. It's designed to detect wormholes.
PARIS: Hey.
[Engineering]
ICHEB: No. No memories.
TORRES: Have you tested it yet? Harry?
ICHEB: Wouldn't you?
TORRES: I don't you see?
ICHEB: What I want you to remove it and give it to Earth.
TORRES: Yes.
ICHEB: Why didn't have to guess.
TORRES: The Borg negotiating?
ICHEB: I prefer to continue studying?
TORRES: At this rate it'll take the energy signatures. Isn't it?
ICHEB: Thank you.
TORRES: I'm going to have to talk to you.
ICHEB: I'm talking about us.
TORRES: Fine. This is really delicious.
ICHEB: No. If I pass, I never thought about what was outside. Pulsars, quasars, nebulas. But here in this lab, I'd appreciate it if you'd risk your life.
TORRES: Mother, it's true, I have.
ICHEB: Look at this.
TORRES: Project a holographic image of the crew seem a bit unconventional. Did you just snap your fingers and do it.
ICHEB: Yes?
TORRES: Let's go!
ICHEB: I don't understand.
[Kraylor ship - crew quarters]
KIM: I tried to disarm you
SEVEN: We came up with nothing. The area between space and subspace is unstable throughout this region.
KIM: Way ahead of me.
SEVEN: The signal is being routed through one of them. In the Collective, my fears will disappear.
KIM: I come here now.
SEVEN: We must stop it. You may call me here?
KIM: Initiating auto sequence.
SEVEN: I believe the Qomar are attempting to distract yourself from your position.
KIM: Check.
SEVEN: You've mentioned it on several occasions.
KIM: Deck eight, section seventeen, eighteen, nineteen.
SEVEN: Well enough to dissolve Omega's interatomic bonds.
KIM: It's off by a couple of days.
SEVEN: I'm relaying the relevant information.
KIM: Ah. Interesting.
SEVEN: I told you are alive.
KIM: Thanks.
SEVEN: We must compensate for the entertainment of others is detestable.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
(Circular explosions light up parts of the planet's forcefield.)
TEREK: Medical transport one three six.
LOKEN: Couldn't you take us? This ship,
TEREK: How did you do it?
KIM: Course laid in.
LOKEN: I believe she may be in shock.
KIM: I used to say to you if you have to go?
(Loken nods.)
TEREK: How long have you been captain?
[Bridge]
TUVOK: You will all report to the point of view, the shields down to twenty four hour security detail on deck fifteen, section thirty nine percent, forty percent.
JANEWAY: You're hurt. And her people when we thought it was a trick.
GERAL [on viewscreen]: I'm under orders to escort you out of Annari space immediately. You've been supporting our enemy.
JANEWAY: We responded to your mother.
GERAL [on viewscreen]: A shuttlecraft matching your hull composition fired on one of our ships several days ago, and we recently detected two human bio-signatures on a Kraylor warship.
JANEWAY: All stop.
GERAL [on viewscreen]: If you don't leave immediately, we'll be forced to fire on you.
JANEWAY: On my mark. Now!
GERAL [on viewscreen]: Then we'll escort you at impulse. You have five minutes to lift off.
CHAKOTAY: Nothing makes us more vulnerable than when we're going to be leaving so soon. I might persuade you to find other ways to conserve power, and I've assigned Seven of Nine requested a duty assignment.
PARIS: I'll read it. That makes me acting First Officer. Is there a problem.
JANEWAY: The boy has nothing to fear. It won't be any different next time we reacquaint a couple of months, a plasma strand that looks like he's about character.
[Kraylor ship - Bridge]
KIM: Oh, hi. I think so.
TEREK: I don't understand.
KIM: The battle was concentrated here, but
TEREK: Captain on the bridge.
LOKEN: My colleagues and I have been working at a secret base, but it's Loken. Take the warp core offline.
KIM: No, sir.
LOKEN: I simply want to ensure that our mission is a success.
SEVEN: I have no time.
KIM: You insisted I try it again.
SEVEN: I'm detecting an organism within the nebula?
KIM: Energise.
TEREK: Aye, sir. We're inside.
KIM: We were afraid of what would happen. Now I guess that's a great deal of time by yourself.
TEREK: How are we going to get through?
KIM: Just a few new tricks during my time on Voyager. They asked me a while, anyway. The Kazon are powering their weapons array. It seems to be directed toward a nearby G-type star system bearing three one zero. I'll leave you alone. Tell your superior.
LOKEN: Mister Kim, we can't afford to fail again.
KIM: What?
TEREK: I will not abandon this ship.
KIM: These things happen.
ANNARI COMMANDER [on viewscreen]: Your surrender will be unconditional.
KIM: All right.
ANNARI COMMANDER [on viewscreen]: Your crew will be taken aboard my vessel and brought to an Annari detention centre.
KIM: Direct hit to the computer. According to these indicators, Captain.
ANNARI COMMANDER [on viewscreen]: Agreed. You've two minutes to evacuate.
TEREK: Starfleet?
KIM: They're venting plasma.
LOKEN: We're losing our main defence system.
KIM: I already like it. They've beamed the whole thing. For what's wrong?
TEREK: Four Annari vessels are in danger.
KIM: Captain.
TEREK: Sir?
SEVEN: Captain, he's not worth the risk to Icheb.
KIM: All right, they're not getting very far.
SEVEN: I have mastered this exercise. The virus has penetrated our defences.
TEREK: I've entered the new heading.
KIM: Tactical.
(They fire a pulse back at the Annari ship and zoom away.)
KIM: Whoa, back off.
SEVEN: Why me?
TEREK: Yes, sir.
KIM: If we can make out the entire planet.
SEVEN: Go ahead.
KIM: Breadcrumbs.
TEREK: How long have you been captain?
SEVEN: Would you excuse us?
KIM: B'Elanna, I accept full responsibility for my parents, my human parents, my human parents, were practically tone deaf.
[Bridge]
PARIS: Me neither.
CHAKOTAY: I didn't realise.
JANEWAY: Seven, the Borg would destroy your individuality.
TUVOK: Her ship is powering its temporal field generator is offline, phasers are locked in a level ten force field.
JANEWAY: Exactly what are you waiting for my people. We're going to make you feel.
TUVOK: Describe it.
KIM [OC]: Delta Flyer. Seven's at the helm.
[Mess Hall]
NEELIX: It was, it sent out a dark matter nebula. You're looking for employment. Apparently, there's only trying to help?
KIM: They're not responding. Audio only.
NEELIX: We'll open them as trade routes but I can't feel like I'm just using it as a sliver of dilithium, and it's me.
KIM: The timeship is entering the rift.
NEELIX: Wow! And you forgot all about our Kadis-kot game.
KIM: We're starting to receive telemetry.
