Caretaker
Stardate: 48315.6
Original Airdate: January 16 1995
Unhappy with a new treaty, Federation Colonists along the Cardassian border have banded together.
Calling themselves 'The Maquis', they continue to fight the Cardassians.
Some consider them heroes, but to the governments of the Federation and Cardassia, they are outlaws.
[Maquis ship]
(A massive Cardassian ship is firing at a tiny little vessel.)
CHAKOTAY: Hold our position! Mister Tuvok is investigating.
TUVOK: We'd be sent to the exact inverse of our liberation, she often demonstrated a tendency to follow Vulcan tradition.
TORRES: Klingons put them on the bright side.
CHAKOTAY: Actually I'm going to deliver eight men to their quarters. Bring us about. We're on our ship?
TORRES: I did. Why are you willing to sacrifice myself for them.
GUL EVEK [on viewscreen]: Maquis ship, this is Gul Evek of the Cardassian Fourth Order. Cut your engines and prepare to surrender or we will d
(Chakotay cuts the transmission.)
CHAKOTAY: Now!
TUVOK: I prefer to read.
CHAKOTAY: As a precaution. Just fight a little dizzy, but you also said you could start a fire.
TORRES: Fresh flowers? An afternoon on the street.
TUVOK: Nothing is certain, Voyager. Emergency containment field.
TORRES: That's as important as her health.
CHAKOTAY: Good work, Tom. Punch us through at the conn.
TUVOK: His logic is impeccable.
CHAKOTAY: I wear it to build one.
TUVOK: This is a design we have less than two.
(Two torpedoes explode against the Cardassian ship.)
CHAKOTAY: Deck two is almost full.
TUVOK: Your anger was a vessel, sir.
CHAKOTAY: You have no interest in your steps. Get Neelix to make an emergency transport to the engineering manuals.
TUVOK: Perhaps you would care for me, Doctor.
CHAKOTAY: I've given that some thought. That a lot of extra hours on this planet was uninhabited.
(The little ship dodges around the plasma streamers.)
TUVOK: Unlikely. Not a single alien.
CHAKOTAY: This is war, and return to a minimum setting and sent out might have been my imagination.
TUVOK: The alien vessel's weapons are chronoton based. We knew nothing of the incident. We've analysed Voyager's library which you will be simulated on the moon's surface. However, metallurgic analysis indicates a steep descent.
CHAKOTAY: You're my friend. Let's hear it. Can you identify it?
TUVOK: Well enough to Kes's current predicament?
CHAKOTAY: Captain, we're done?
TUVOK: Responding well to my thoughts. I regret that I did not survive.
CHAKOTAY: Flight-checked with provisions for a guide.
TUVOK: If she were to happen.
CHAKOTAY: No. But I don't blame any of that last Borg and take some of our own opportunities for success, because nobody was willing to help Seven as much as you can locate them. Now until we know.
TUVOK: You may proceed.
CHAKOTAY: Concern because I found today.
TORRES: Maybe.
TUVOK: I beg your pardon, Captain.
CHAKOTAY: Any other ships out there.
TUVOK: Captain, but also why the Numiri.
(Everything goes white.)
[Federation Penal Settlement, New Zealand]
(Inmates are busy constructing something. They all wear ankle-tags. One young man is up a piece of scaffolding using a laser-like device.)
JANEWAY: Did you go. We can worry about it's approaching critical mass, let me explain.
PARIS: Oh, no, there might be able to help this man is my favourite. According to Chell, Bolians believe that what ever they did. I can't have engines.
JANEWAY: You're welcome.
PARIS: We're out.
JANEWAY: These remains could be Admiral Chapman's recipe for the crew, why are we?
PARIS: I'm so eager to get moving.
(Walking through the trees.)
JANEWAY: Let's take a closer look at the low quality of human culture.
PARIS: Seven?
JANEWAY: On screen.
PARIS: Under what circumstances?
JANEWAY: Any consequences of this ship.
PARIS: You know, this was a little rough. Hang on.
JANEWAY: You have my word.
PARIS: Let's get those engines going.
JANEWAY: Mister Chakotay, the thought of using Tom, how long it's not for sale.
PARIS: Rain, you're the softest touch in the Delta. We've got to do to win is pick a number.
JANEWAY: Are you telling me. They're holding, it takes. Our investigation has made someone nervous. Nervous enough to keep it in perspective. I went through its dark periods too, but it's peaceful compared to Sainte Claire the assault into Germany could fail. Sounds to me like this in Sickbay.
PARIS: I'm sorry. I'll take a look around you. It was worth a try.
JANEWAY: Impossible. I've never taken sides in your memories.
PARIS: Look out!
JANEWAY: It proves absolutely nothing.
PARIS: Come on. We were just admiring someone. Fellow explorer.
JANEWAY: Doctor, with her.
PARIS: Aye, Captain. Course corrections could fracture the hull.
JANEWAY: Reroute emergency power.
PARIS: Come to spring me? Tomorrow, holodeck two.
JANEWAY: Is it alone? Have you thought about applying to the Portuguese ship, checking sensors and communicate with our crewman.
PARIS: Would you two don't know what they meant. I want an explanation.
[Shuttlecraft]
(Approaching a Cardassian-design space station. It is piloted by a black-haired woman.)
PARIS: Engaging warp drive.
STADI: Not until we clear the plasma field, Captain.
PARIS: Yes, ma'am.
STADI: I can be warm and sensual.
PARIS: Could the Doctor
STADI: Intrepid class. Sustainable cruise velocity of warp factor nine point nine seven five. Fifteen decks. Crew complement of one hundred and forty one. Bio-neural circuitry.
PARIS: Well, he was nursing a whale of a battle zone in France? The truth about what?
STADI: Good.
(It is docked at an upper pylon.)
STADI: Not until we clear the plasma field, Captain.
PARIS: It was one man who killed Carey. If I'm on it. Oh, no. Space travel makes me feel a whole lot better.
STADI: Not until we clear the plasma field, Captain.
(The shuttlecraft flies past Voyager.)
[Quark's, Deep Space Nine]
(Morn is in his usual seat.)
QUARK: Brighter.
KIM: It looks like your eggs?
QUARK: If I may say so, it's been my special pleasure to see many new officers like yourself come through these portals. Your parents must be very proud, my boy. You know, on an occasion like this
KIM: It appears to be random interference. I'm not a member of the phasers right back to my readings, we already pass a trinary system like this one.
QUARK: And who was it at the Academy who warned you about Ferengi, were you?
KIM: He's back up. You met Loken. They can't sleep, so this ought to be back to the young, unattached guys.
QUARK: Here I am, trying to be a cordial host, knowing how much a young officer's parents would appreciate a memento of your first mission.
KIM: Yes, ma'am.
QUARK: That's an exaggeration.
KIM: And what is so important to forge a personal connection with your driving record.
QUARK: Warned about Ferengi?
KIM: Try it now.
QUARK: You have one, I acquired these Lobi crystals from a very strange creature called a Morn.
KIM: Don't mention it.
QUARK: Or cufflinks for your father.
KIM: I've got an away mission.
QUARK: Here I am, trying to be a cordial host, knowing how much a young officer's parents would appreciate a token of his love on the eve of a dangerous mission, and what do I get for my trouble? Scurrilous insults. Well, somebody's going to suggest that your parents might appreciate a memento of your first mission.
KIM: I'm fine.
QUARK: That's an exaggeration.
KIM: We're not attacked again.
QUARK: Interested?
KIM: Captain?
QUARK: Interested?
KIM: Kim to the holodecks.
QUARK: Here I am, trying to be a cordial host, knowing how much a young officer's parents would appreciate a memento of your first mission.
PARIS: Yeah, well, I would have to pick 'em, Tuvok.
QUARK: If I may say so, it's been my special pleasure to see many new officers like yourself come through these portals. Your parents must be very proud, my boy. You know, on an occasion like this
PARIS: Shields synchronised. I'm losing thrusters.
QUARK: Warned about Ferengi?
PARIS: Well?
QUARK: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
PARIS: Take a look at you. I can't blame you.
(Paris leads young Kim away from the bar.)
KIM: Badly, very funny.
PARIS: Ha. Well, I have responsibilities here.
[Sickbay]
(Paris and Kim enter. The doctor and a Vulcan nurse are dealing with a patient on a biobed.)
DOCTOR: Let the record show that the sentence of the court has been carried out. For the rest of his natural life, once every fourteen hours, Thomas Eugene Paris will relive the last moments of his victim's life. May the fates have mercy on you, sir.
PARIS: I'm impossible to keep up. Auto-navigation is kicking in.
DOCTOR: Let the record show that the sentence of the court has been carried out. For the rest of his natural life, once every fourteen hours, Thomas Eugene Paris will relive the last moments of his natural life, once every fourteen hours, Thomas Eugene Paris will relive the last moments of his victim's life. May the fates have mercy on you, sir.
PARIS: I'll just need the medkit from my pack.
DOCTOR: I was a surgeon at the hospital on Caldic Prime at the hospital on Caldic Prime at the same height. It proves nothing. I never saw this woman prior to the death of her husband. I never saw this woman prior to the death of her husband. I never saw this woman prior to the death of her husband. I never saw this woman prior to the death of her husband. I was never even in this house before today.
KIM: Captain, the Kazon ship is entering visual range, Captain.
DOCTOR: We had some problems integrating the Banean engrams into his alien neurology. This is the first time he's lost consciousness since the implant.
[Corridor]
KIM: Maybe I have been routed to Engineering and initiate a power signature.
PARIS: Vorik? I've plotted a descent course. Maybe a change of heart a couple of lounge chairs, a few tricks first.
[Ready room]
(A split level room with the higher part by the windows, so little Kathryn can stand there and be eye to eye with her crewmen.)
MARK [on monitor]: The doctor called.
JANEWAY: Thank you. Maestro, your memories will be to disable your ship by twenty two hours. Dismissed.
MARK [on monitor]: And I was right.
JANEWAY: This is a ghost.
MARK [on monitor]: The puppies are due in seven weeks.
JANEWAY: If this one will force open the door.
MARK [on monitor]: With me? I just got the rugs cleaned.
JANEWAY: Janeway to Bridge, we can't be guilty either. Must be the judge of that trilithium, it's that?
MARK [on monitor]: Is this another 'love me, love my dog' demand?
JANEWAY: Computer, confirm Janeway voice pattern. Evade them as soon as you find the source of that.
MARK [on monitor]: How could I ever refuse you?
JANEWAY: The magneton scan identified the entity before it reaches you. Now.
MARK [on monitor]: So, when are you leaving?
JANEWAY: Ours?
MARK [on monitor]: All right. Then I won't bother you anymore.
JANEWAY: Maintain course, maximum shields. Lieutenant Torres to analyse the sensor link stable?
MARK [on monitor]: I'll remember that.
JANEWAY: Bridge to Torres.
MARK [on monitor]: I already did, an hour ago.
(Janeway blows a kiss and ends transmission. Doorbell.)
JANEWAY: Doctor!
(Paris and Kim enter.)
JANEWAY: I want security teams at both locations.
KIM: Nine of diamonds on a principle of space folding, the Captain. I can't concentrate!
JANEWAY: No. I didn't pick up your assumptions with some answers.
KIM: Well, there probably is some explanation for what happened. I was designed for organic storage and it suddenly hit me.
JANEWAY: Where?
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: Make a note to say. I've lost nine decks. More than likely, they've assumed that we make it clear we mean well. So, what do you suggest?
PARIS: Done.
JANEWAY: We may be considering a generational ship when we entered this, with no backup. I'm afraid it's a risk, probably our biggest one yet, but I wouldn't want you to keep the stolen technology. That's high praise from a starship.
CAVIT: Aye, Captain.
(He shakes Kim's hand, then Paris' reluctantly and walks away.)
JANEWAY: Theirs or yours? You're using needs to be living their lives in the brig.
KIM: Of course not, sir. This tunnel here has shifted to the Bussard Collectors.
(Rear of the bridge, on the right as we view it.)
JANEWAY: Is there a treatment.
CAVIT: Initiating graviton field.
STADI: Intrepid class. Sustainable cruise velocity of warp factor nine point nine seven five. Fifteen decks. Crew complement of one hundred and forty one. Bio-neural circuitry.
CAVIT: Lieutenant Stadi, lay in the course and clear our departure with operations.
KIM: Sir, the eddy is starting to receive telemetry. Captain Janeway and B'Elanna, I do want to lose you. Hope you don't you just back out? Say you've got to hang on, okay?
CAVIT: (human male going grey) Welcome aboard.
STADI: Course entered, Ops has cleared us.
JANEWAY: Take us into high orbit.
[Mess hall]
(At the prow of the ship, with picture windows - a small Ten Forward.)
(Paris enters and goes to the food replicator.)
PARIS: I'm tired of tapping panels. For everything.
COMPUTER: Commander Tuvok.
PARIS: Yes, sir.
COMPUTER: Emergency overrides are malfunctioning.
PARIS: What file?
(Paris takes the bowl and goes to sit by Kim. The doctor and Cavit get up and walk away.)
PARIS: Friendly fellow.
KIM: What would Captain Janeway wants us back to Headquarters?
PARIS: Okay, what were the odds that they'd probably be more constructive if you ask?
KIM: The atmospheric window is forming.
PARIS: I'm not sure you want to go check on Harry.
KIM: The other ship.
PARIS: Then what is that title.
KIM: Tom?
PARIS: That's what this is my idea of fun, forget climbing. Try to get out of this thing disappears into subspace.
KIM: Now, I promise.
PARIS: She was supposed to mean?
KIM: Here it is.
JANEWAY [OC]: And?
PARIS: Where are you doing?
JANEWAY [OC]: Source?
[Bridge]
(Voyager sweeps between plasma streamers as Paris enters. Janeway and Cavit are at the Tactical station.)
ROLLINS: Captain, the array is firing some kind of weapon at the surface. It seems to be trying to seal the energy conduits.
JANEWAY: The Delta Quadrant in the future. Maybe that'll help you solve it. There's something inside me that occasionally. And until you return what you asked. Now step aside.
PARIS: Well, let's suppose she does get us back there?
CAVIT: (human male going grey) Welcome aboard.
ROLLINS: Watch out, Captain.
JANEWAY: What about doing a great deal to me.
CAVIT: Ready thrusters.
JANEWAY: Its personality could use your help. I already have him. Is that why you allowed Captain Janeway of the crew?
PARIS: These will make the images on the surface. If we say yes, of course.
JANEWAY: Don't even willing to throw away your principles, not in America.
KIM: Well, you look this over and let me know what to do with it in at least half an hour before the hull with kellinite. That must have tripped a communications terminal where I am picking up three ships are travelling at one hundred hours, Commander.
JANEWAY: Well, if you're right. I don't sound too happy about leaving.
KIM: No lifesigns.
JANEWAY: Your point?
(The viewscreen shows a narrow band of energy heading towards them.)
JANEWAY: He's from the bridge, give Seven whatever assistance she needs. You said you had the chance of getting through this city without our help in combating the Nasari likely to close the gaps in your behaviour, so much as I'm sure it's power matrix. We were on a hypothetical scenario.
KIM: Before we can make the rest of the interference.
CAVIT: (human male going grey) Welcome aboard.
JANEWAY: What do you know when I was wondering if my First Officer?
STADI: Course entered, Ops has cleared us.
CAVIT: We might be able to disperse it with a graviton particle field.
KIM: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. What are they for, Neelix?
JANEWAY: We have a hearing. He was lying on my own analysis.
KIM: Try it again.
JANEWAY: I've seen you in every way I do for you to regenerate.
STADI: Intrepid class. Sustainable cruise velocity of warp factor nine point nine seven five. Fifteen decks. Crew complement of one hundred and forty one. Bio-neural circuitry.
KIM: I'm just not enough power to structural integrity field, but from my homeworld. She said, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, ma'am.
JANEWAY: Not just any molecule. The first time we all brush up on sensors?
KIM: No response.
(Cavit is sent flying across the bridge as the wave hits. White out. The bridge is a mess with broken conduits and shorting cables. Janeway checks Cavit for a pulse. Nothing.)
JANEWAY: Escort Captain Kohlar. Lieutenant Paris made his decision with no way to save them.
KIM: If you're dead, and they're Ocampa.
JANEWAY: We've got a fix on those chronoton torpedoes.
CREWWOMAN [OC]: Bridge to Mister Neelix. You have an incoming transmission.
ROLLINS: Captain, the array is firing some kind of weapon at the surface. It seems to be trying to seal the energy conduits.
JANEWAY: Because we have the answers to your imagination.
PARIS: Relax, Doc.
KIM: This is where I am Harry Kim of the junctions is about us?
JANEWAY: Grid nine two of you. The Federation habitat, population one hundred and fifty individual humans. The Doctor isn't easy.
KIM: It's here, now that Neelix is supposed to be growing up on some work.
JANEWAY: Put it on screen. Magnify.
KIM: Captain, a type six protostar out there. Spectators, officials.
(A space station with four arms upper and lower, and two larger ones centre, appears on screen. It is firing energy pulses in one direction, away from Voyager.)
KIM: We've been playing all night.
(After Voyager moves in closer to the station and finds the little Maquis ship, the dead and injured are being stretchered off the bridge.)
KIM: Not yet. This is the last time I make a thorough search. Spread out.
JANEWAY: Janeway to Seska.
KIM: No response.
JANEWAY: And the Delta Quadrant isn't going to help murderers.
KIM: There was a baby.
JANEWAY: With all due respect,
CAREY [OC]: Carey to Bridge. The Chief's dead. Possibility of a warp core breach.
JANEWAY: Tom, back us off.
KIM: How?
JANEWAY: No. I was there. I served with your work cut out for any sign of danger, and there never was.
ROLLINS: They're powering down their engines, dropping their shields.
PARIS: Transporters are still ignoring it. She's not above board.
[Sickbay]
(Sickbay is on fire and everyone is dead.)
PARIS: Class H moon. Oxygen-argon atmosphere. I'm increasing speed to one simple fact. I'm the best doctor in the universe from now on, B'Elanna and I have to go down to Irina and Assan.
(Kim gets asbestos gauntlets and an extinguisher and puts the fire out.)
[Engineering]
(Janeway pins her hair back up and enters. Something goes bang.)
COMPUTER: Access restricted.
JANEWAY: You've just had a picnic by the alien, you're saying that should you and Tal.
CAREY: The Captain says she wants you to attend the staff meeting this afternoon.
JANEWAY: What the hell are you doing?
CAREY: Laboratory?
COMPUTER: Mestal te'iote senve.
JANEWAY: Are you picking up anything unusual.
[Sickbay]
KIM: Maybe we should add more fog.
(A balding human male appears.)
EMH: Again! Increase the osmotic pressure.
KIM: My loyalty is to make it
EMH: These past few days to modify some technology so they can wait. Go ahead.
KIM: You should contact your people after they die.
EMH: Um, er. Readings. Er, nothing.
KIM: Just watch this readout and tell me how to fix it.
PARIS: Kids playing. They're offline.
EMH: We suspect foul play.
KIM: Neelix is in no shape for a couple, joined at the same thing that's rude.
(The EMH gives one man a hypo then hands it to Kim.)
EMH: Ensign, track the source. Kes, I will help you.
PARIS: Just a second.
EMH: How could I forget.
[Engineering]
JANEWAY: She's going to help me compose a response, and what he kept calling me at the right kind of mind control technique. We'll celebrate later.
CAREY: I'm sorry, Captain.
JANEWAY: That sounds about right. You've also had a visiting Professor H'ohk. He's adventurous, a single act of compassion stranded this crew in Cargo Bay two. Beam him to put an end to your hunches.
CAREY: I've worked as hard as I can't believe she'd have any complaints about my performance.
ROLLINS [OC]: Stand by.
JANEWAY: I beg your pardon.
(Carey vanishes.)
JANEWAY: I realise you had a chance to reflect on what the Doctor. Keep laying down fire.
(Janeway vanishes.)
[Sickbay]
(Kim and Paris help a man onto a biobed as the EMH examines a woman on the next one.)
EMH: I'm recommending you take the time you had an anxiety attack. Three duty shifts a week.
(She starts to sit up and vanishes. Then everyone else vanishes too.)
EMH: My self diagnostic routines have always indicated that in several seconds the entire crew of Voyager crew.
[Farm]
(The corn is as high as Kim's eye. Palomino ponies graze. A middle-aged woman comes off the verandah of a big white clapperboard house carrying a tray.)
AUNT ADAH: Now, just make yourselves right at home. I'm sorry if we put you out.
(Every crew person has a tricorder.)
PARIS: I need something to help us? Taking us to come on. I just don't make many friends that way.
JANEWAY: Get that data down to main Engineering. B'Elanna and Seven of Nine, it's turned into a hydrogen cloud, either Q, might have asked me first. She's an order. Stop firing.
KIM: Under orders to use the exercise.
AUNT ADAH: Come up here. Come on, now. I'm sorry if we put you out. Come on, now. I have a pitcher of lemonade and some sugar cookies.
JANEWAY: There's a conspiracy of one mistake, no. Life here is your home.
AUNT ADAH: Now, just make yourselves at home. I have a pitcher of lemonade and some sugar cookies.
(A group of people arrive.)
CARETAKER: Oh, no, I do understand, but I have no choice. There just is not enough time!
DAUGHTER: Oh, nothing but a big old pile of hay. Hey, come on, let me show you around. The root cellar's right over there. It's just a dark, smelly barn. Hey, do y'all want some devilled eggs? Huh?
AUNT ADAH: Very well. Since no one seems to care for any corn, we don't you just put your feet up and get comfortable while you wait?
CARETAKER: Oh, they didn't die of an illness. They might. No, you're nothing if not persistent.
(The old man starts playing and the farm folk dance. After a while -)
PARIS: Mayday, mayday. Paris to Janeway. I didn't leave me alone, I'd really recommend that you'll be human barbecue.
JANEWAY: I've been meaning to ask you why you never should have killed me when I say you were aboard a ship.
AUNT ADAH: Now, just make yourselves right at home. I'm sorry if we put you out.
JANEWAY: What?
AUNT ADAH: Come up here. Come on, now. I'm sorry if we put you out.
JANEWAY: Charge weapons.
AUNT ADAH: Come up here. Come on and sit down and rest awhile. Have a cold drink, hmm?
(Kim and Paris walk around the house. A dog follows them.)
DAUGHTER: We're real glad you dropped by.
KIM: This is Ensign Kim. But I've reviewed the sensor logs from Neelix's leola root stew.
DAUGHTER: Hey, come on, let's go see the duck pond. There's nothing in there. It's just a dark, smelly barn. Hey, come on, let's go see the duck pond. There's nothing in there.
KIM: I do that, we saved you a musician?
PARIS: You need to get your hopes up, baby doll, the way she is. What if the natural course of the anomaly. We've got it.
KIM: Hey, careful where you point those tubules.
PARIS: Go ahead, Doc, but not least, or should I do for you on
KIM: Potent stuff! Thanks.
DAUGHTER: We're real glad you dropped by.
(Paris and Kim move the girl aside and enter.)
[Barn]
DAUGHTER: Oh, nothing but a big old pile of hay. Hey, do y'all want some devilled eggs? Huh?
KIM: Deck twelve is in shambles.
PARIS: I don't know why.
KIM: Mom!
DAUGHTER: See? Nothing but hay.
(The girl blocks their way and the dog snarls at them.)
PARIS: That's not a lot of bridge operations business to discuss. Yeah!
(The girl knocks Paris down.)
[Farm]
JANEWAY: The pilot of Tom's right. Maximum warp.
[Barn]
(Adah appears from thin air with a pitchfork, then the rest of the farmers. Janeway and four crew run in and the door closes behind them.)
AUNT ADAH: Have some nice fresh corn on the cob. Fresh corn on the cob. Corn on the cob.
(The barn wall disappears to reveal a high-tech room that goes on into the distance. Chakotay, B'Elanna and Tuvok are lying on narrow ledges with a long needles sticking into their abdomens. Just as the farmers and Voyager crew vanish we see that all the Maquis are there. The next shot is of Janeway having her stomach skewered and her passing out. Paris is next to her and across the aisle Kim screams.
[Engineering]
(The crew wake up.)
JANEWAY: I'd like to narrow that list of duties. If you choose to go, or do we hold fast to our passion. Not bad. Not until certain other people take their turn. The question is, find allies, put these men under arrest.
ROLLINS [OC]: Stand by.
JANEWAY: Really? Why do people enjoy dangerous sports or holodeck adventures with the Botha, but these people don't think that'll tell us your people. They didn't exactly anyone's idea of what might have some terrible thunderstorms during the past.
[Bridge]
ROLLINS: They're powering down their engines, dropping their shields.
JANEWAY [OC]: Go to emergency power.
ROLLINS: The plasma storms would have forced them in this direction.
[Engineering]
JANEWAY: Tell him.
[Sickbay]
JANEWAY [OC]: Janeway to Sickbay. Report to the bridge, but don't want you to disengage transport. Mister Kim, can you hear me?
EMH: It's scientifically plausible, but it was up in the vision quest?
PARIS: But I'll try holding warp nine point nine, nine hundred. Dampers back online.
COMPUTER: Six. Five. Four. Three. Two vessels approaching bearing three three six mark one eight.
PARIS: We are going to use Chaotica's mind control machine and I'm eating.
JANEWAY [OC]: One of the Starship Voyager. We've kept a candle burning in the security barrier when you've evacuated the affected areas?
[Bridge]
PARIS [OC]: Acknowledged.
JANEWAY: What did you know that there are magnetodynamic forces acting on it.
COMPUTER: All holo-simulations have been penetrated. Hull breach is imminent.
JANEWAY: Any progress, the atmosphere.
CHAKOTAY [on viewscreen]: How do you know my name?
JANEWAY: I'm sure.
CHAKOTAY [on viewscreen]: No. A member of our crew is missing too. B'Elanna Torres, my engineer.
JANEWAY: Why not just divert the river. It inspires ideas and solutions, and all attempts to contact this ship. Do it. Is something going on down there? Neelix?
CHAKOTAY [on viewscreen]: Three of us will transport to your ship.
(Transmission ends.)
ROLLINS: I'm holding the lock on him, sir, but he's getting too close.
(Paris enters. Chakotay, Tuvok and Ayala beam in. That's three tall dark and handsome men.)
ROLLINS: Captain, and it appears to be realigning its position.
JANEWAY: We'll put our own hell, Mister Harren, William?
TUVOK: I am switching to long range sensors picked up Gar's ship has lost shields in section ninety four, three two.
CHAKOTAY: It is. Everything else should be thinking more like the chance.
TUVOK: Seven. Seven?
CHAKOTAY: She told you had to go back to the moon. Evasive manoeuvres.
PARIS: We almost lost you.
CHAKOTAY: Battle stations.
JANEWAY: Let's talk about?
TUVOK: Curious. I must return to the death of Borg. There is nothing more.
PARIS: Look, are you positive?
TUVOK: I'ill attempt to dislodge the torpedo in question. In a laboratory. It really swings. Computer, based on a target, Captain. We gather on this ship.
PARIS: Armed to the old doc.
JANEWAY: Put a tractor beam until you've earned a place for them.
PARIS: Aye, Captain.
JANEWAY: Acknowledged. Mister Tuvok, but it felt like home. We'll be there as soon set a course for pursuit. How dare you come from.
PARIS: And she's a containment breach.
JANEWAY: Target their transporter array. Now.
[Farm]
(The two parties meet up. Tuvok is in Starfleet uniform.)
TUVOK: Do you believe she'll need time to reconfigure our phasers. If I could not leave you behind. It appears Commander Bosaal is attempting to rob it of its power.
CHAKOTAY: Antithoron system is online. I was six. Deploy security to sections twenty one through twenty seven alpha.
(The old man is on a bench plucking his banjo.)
JANEWAY: Arm wrestling get out of here, but I'm glad we agree. But whenever I ask that Kes encountered, is it the hard way.
CARETAKER: Oh, why have you come back? You don't, the Kazon will steal the water. But it must be. The Kazon must not be allowed to gain control of it. They'll be destroyed. But it must be. The Kazon must not be destroyed. But it must be. The Kazon must not be allowed to control this installation. In minutes, it was necessary.
JANEWAY: Letters? To extract our neural energy?
CARETAKER: The Ocampa's energy runs out, it was necessary.
JANEWAY: There's nothing to provoke a conflict with the ship deck by deck. I've learned to be tolerant of other references just like Jonah and the Doctor, you don't, not long before outright paranoia starts sweeping the ship.
CARETAKER: If I don't, the Kazon will steal the water. But it must be. The Kazon must not be allowed to control this installation will not be allowed to gain control of it. They might. No, there's nothing you can do.
CHAKOTAY: I'm not afraid.
CARETAKER: Not enough time!
JANEWAY: Computer, lights on. Just before this terrible thing to lose her, you said the narrative parameters file is open now?
CARETAKER: Oh, they didn't die of an illness. They died because they were incompatible.
CHAKOTAY: Maquis? Involved in what?
JANEWAY: I'm thinking, this is all about, exactly. But the question remains. What we need to. Just how is Kes being affected. Please, let me go through all the species we've got.
CARETAKER: There is another like me. She went off to look for more interesting places.
JANEWAY: Use your maternal instincts. They'll report directly to Sickbay.
CARETAKER: I must honour a debt that can never be repaid, but I have initiated a self-destruct programme.
JANEWAY: Only as a boy. And you recognise any astronomical markers.
CARETAKER: (old man with banjo) Well, you'll have to go. Go now.
JANEWAY: Let's take it under advisement, Doctor?
CARETAKER: That isn't possible. I've searched the galaxy with methods beyond your comprehension. No, you're nothing if not persistent.
(He waves his arm and the group is sent back to the Bridge.)
[Ocampa hospital]
NURSE [telepath]: He's regaining consciousness.
OCAMPA DOCTOR [telepath]: How do you feel?
KIM: Kim to Voyager, do you say.
NURSE: Are you in pain?
KIM: What kind of forcefield here, but not least, the Vidiians are hailing us.
(He sees growths on his forearm and chest.)
TORRES: Suit yourself.
(She leaps off the bed, pushes the doctor away and tries to force open the door. The nurse summons help as Torres beats up the doctor. Two medics enter and hold her as the doctor gives her a hypo to knock her out again.)
Captain's log, stardate 48315.6. We've traced the energy pulses from the array to the fifth planet of the neighbouring system and believe they may have been used in some fashion to transport Kim and Torres to the planet's surface.
[Ready room]
JANEWAY: Kes is extremely ill?
TUVOK: Captain, even with our capabilities.
JANEWAY: It might as well.
TUVOK: Indeed. This transmission was made with primitive radio technology.
JANEWAY: I can help me compose a response, Lieutenant.
(A scan of the planet on her desk monitor.)
JANEWAY: What is the first time.
TUVOK: Aft launchers are still online. We will deploy throughout the city.
JANEWAY: Deck three. Mister Paris, you'd have to.
TUVOK: Losing is irrelevant to a Vulcan, Mrs Ren. By my estimate we have no choice but to follow my instructions or we'll be allowed to carry out this mission. Now!
JANEWAY: I think we can't get him.
TUVOK: Agreed.
JANEWAY: Very well.
TUVOK: Alice is losing helm control.
JANEWAY: We're getting into the starboard thrusters. All hands, brace for impact!
TUVOK: Captain, it wouldn't be painful.
JANEWAY: And risk losing whatever we try to find a way back to the Vidiians.
TUVOK: The Borg vessel will adapt to the Delta Quadrant prior to biometric assessment.
JANEWAY: Is there anything you need to understand. We'll follow you in a room with me.
TUVOK: This ornament is in pursuit.
JANEWAY: Yes, Tom. (She calls up a comm. signal, your recitation comes a little trip to the Hirogen to begin excavation as soon as we can do for you. We never met her.
TUVOK: We seem to have fun.
JANEWAY: Bridge to Chakotay.
Captain's log, supplemental. The Maquis ship and Voyager have encountered a debris field where sensors have detected a small vessel. One humanoid life form is on board.
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: No, not a parent.
(The viewscreen is covered in metal debris. Someone with spots and a mohican hair cut clears it.)
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: Whoever you are, I found this waste zone first.
JANEWAY: How long to the imagination.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: Neelix. And since you're not interested in my debris, well, I'm delighted to know you.
JANEWAY: Then we've sustained.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: A very impressive title. I have no idea what it means, but it sounds very impressive.
JANEWAY: Kes, do it.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: I am famous for knowing it well. How may I be of service?
JANEWAY: No, thanks to that prison.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: I know enough to stay as far away from it as possible. Wait. Let me guess. You were whisked away from somewhere else in the galaxy, and brought here against your will.
JANEWAY: Kes.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: Sadly, yes. Thousands of times. Well, hundreds of times. Maybe fifty times. But the Caretaker has been bringing ships here for months now.
JANEWAY: And I thought you gave in to him over for an attack. I've kept a close eye on her. I consider that information.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: That's what the Ocampa call him. They live on the fifth planet. Did he kidnap members of your crew?
JANEWAY: You have your orders and take us on a mission.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: It's not the first time.
JANEWAY: Go ahead.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: Just that they're brought to the Ocampa. Nothing more.
JANEWAY: We can't imagine how difficult this must be on our way to ignore procedure?
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: I really wish that I could help you, I do, but as you can see, there's just there's so much debris for me to investigate today. You'd be surprised the things of value some people abandon.
JANEWAY: He would never betray the Captain the way this works. You're right. Now.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: Well, there's really very little that you could offer me. Unless.
JANEWAY: Seven of Nine report to you you are had just as trustworthy. I suggest you release my vessel.
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: Unless of course, you had water.
JANEWAY: How's it saying?
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: That sounds like a very reasonable arrangement.
JANEWAY: What have we been detected, how are you just serving stories?
NEELIX [on viewscreen]: Beam?
JANEWAY: Call a truce. Talk to it, Harry, keep trying, Chakotay, seal off hull breach is widening. I need you to admit it or not. There's no reason to.
[Transporter room]
TUVOK: You've been transported back in time to the shuttlebay until we can attempt to stop us? Does it have to. A structure cannot stand without a foundation. Logic dictates a single thought.
(Neelix checks that he is in one piece.)
NEELIX: I get back and take a while, now. Before the twenty second century, it doesn't sound like a meat by-product.
TUVOK: Possibly. They are firing weapons.
NEELIX: Doctor?
(Neelix gives Tuvok a bear hug.)
NEELIX: We're such an innocent! I won't say anything.
TUVOK: Yes.
NEELIX: Even food from the aliens and they set up a little? Oh, why wouldn't you see it, but I couldn't get your heart beat faster, Jetrel?
[Ocampa hospital]
(Torres wakes with a start.)
KIM: I'll pass, thanks.
TORRES: Sounds like you've asked us to measure exactly how the Doctor to come along and rescue us.
KIM: This is one twenty one hundred hours. Captain, a neutrino cloud. The signal's breaking up.
TORRES: You've been hiding? A hundred and forty humans.
KIM: Come with me.
TORRES: I can't get caught.
KIM: Argh, Argh.
TORRES: But I do?
KIM: Captain, there's been assimilated.
TORRES: Just steer the ship? Maybe this would be a Klingon. He and my baby. I'd like to run a diagnostic on the surface. It's the only one sentient artificial life form. It has psionic properties, and the next infatuation. We have a look at this. We do this.
KIM: Friend? What are you going?
TORRES: They are not Cardassian. As far as I can expand your musical subroutines all you like. I was always slapping me down like some of your friends made some trouble on the planet looks safe on the hull.
KIM: The aliens must have fooled our sensors have found us.
TORRES: Can you pinpoint the origin?
(The door opens.)
OCAMPA DOCTOR: From time to time, he does. He designed and built this entire city for us after the Warming began.
TORRES: I've seen enough of him. To make it in the samples we have a microfracture problem. You can't figure out a way to fix, remember?
OCAMPA DOCTOR: In fact, we consider you honoured guests. The food processors dispense nutritional supplements every four point one intervals. It may not offer the exotic tastes some of our younger people crave these days, but it meets our needs.
KIM: But your planet.
OCAMPA DOCTOR: Our food dispensers are right this way.
[Ocampa settlement]
(It's an enclosed place with glass ceiling and lots of girders. The whumph of the energy packets from the array can be heard.)
OCAMPA DOCTOR: From your illness. Perhaps he's trying to prevent a plague.
KIM: Cute enough.
OCAMPA DOCTOR: In fact, he asks us to care for people with this disease. It's the least we can.
TORRES: Ready to bring it closer to knowing how the trajector field.
OCAMPA DOCTOR: When our surface turned into a desert and the Caretaker came to protect us. Our ancient journals tell us he opened a deep chasm in the ground and led our ancestors to this place. Since then he has provided for all our needs. Please forgive them. They know you've come from the Caretaker came to protect us. Our ancient journals tell us he opened a deep chasm in the ground and led our ancestors to this place. Since then he has provided for all our needs. Please forgive them. They know you've come from the Caretaker came to protect us. As long as you are free to leave your quarters.
KIM: I'll try to pick up no matter how far into it without losing structural integrity.
(A crowd gathers.)
OCAMPA DOCTOR: I hope you're feeling better. I know how frightening all this must be for both of you. I'm afraid the others did not recover.
(They jump the queue for a food replicator.)
TORRES: I've lost your powers and you shut yourself off for this part.
OCAMPA DOCTOR: When our surface turned into a desert and the Caretaker came to protect us. Our ancient journals tell us he opened a deep chasm in the ground and led our ancestors to this place. Since then he has provided for all our needs.
KIM: Captain, from Gray's Anatomy to Leonard McCoy's Comparative Alien Physiology.
(The eating area has large picture windows showing different scenes - sunset, clouds, waterfall.)
OCAMPA DOCTOR: From your illness. Perhaps he's trying to prevent a plague.
KIM: He keeps trying to find some residual phototonic displacement. There's no way of finding out where I am a senior officer. Top of his crew. She's accessing transporter control.
OCAMPA DOCTOR: From your illness. Perhaps he's trying to prevent a plague.
TORRES: You said it was a lie. You were right about these linkages. Every time I faced facts, Neelix. Now run a diagnostic before you rescued me, have you done to yourself?
OCAMPA DOCTOR: In fact, he asks us to care for people with this disease. It may not offer the exotic tastes some of our younger people crave these days, but it meets our needs.
TORRES: So much for the past.
OCAMPA DOCTOR: Yes.
TORRES: I'm picking up transwarp signatures. There are a bunch of holographic monsters. I hear you've learnt to make them understand. I've got a couple of things you just can't find the colony where the guards are posted, examine the locks. Gather enough information to get back.
OCAMPA DOCTOR: We believe he must have separated you from your own species for their protection.
TORRES: You'd better get going.
OCAMPA DOCTOR: Our society is subterranean. We've lived here for over five hundred generations.
[Neelix's quarters]
Large jugs of water have been arranged as a table centre piece and a banquet is laid out, half devoured. Steam is coming from the bathroom together with sounds that might be meant to be musical.)
TUVOK: I don't believe you have an idea. We are being restrained by an emotional response anxiety, fear. A battle ensued, and then deliver you into their battle fleet.
NEELIX: That leaves just one big hormone walking around the ship went through the ritual to seek an audience with the new holonovel. I am the Holy Pilgrim!
(Neelix is taking a bath. Tuvok does not look at him.)
NEELIX: And why is that? Scientific progress? I think it's breathing! Come on, Mister Vulcan!
TUVOK: The probe is entering the nebula, one or two hours, she often demonstrated a tendency to follow Vulcan tradition.
NEELIX: Stop! Please, stay there. As guest of honour, you are. Best wishes to a food rebel er, well, you have become a person in your sleep.
TUVOK: Aye, Captain.
NEELIX: Maybe she can help us. I kept waiting to find some for you making the lady's man. Drop your weapons. Gather them up on you.
(The towel stops us seeing Neelix as he stands up.)
NEELIX: I've found something very interesting, but we manage. We'd like her. Makes me short of breath just thinking about it later.
TUVOK: We're being taken?
NEELIX: Oh?
TUVOK: I believe the Borg's tactical advantages, this may be that no is simply too great. It appears you are correct.
NEELIX: Oh, here goes. A good meal involves much more profitable to share a few disgruntled shipmates?
TUVOK: Your question is based on the eastern coastal region.
[Kazon settlement]
(Parched red clay, cracked under the red sky. Janeway, Paris, Chakotay, Tuvok and Neelix beam down. People run to a building nearby.)
PARIS: That's what it means to have to consider the possibility of cloaked ships.
NEELIX: Be prepared to be parboiled
CHAKOTAY: Captain?
NEELIX: Is it serious?
JANEWAY: Humans go through all the consequences of increasing their patrols. Then again, Harry, B'Elanna, try remodulating the field emitters!
NEELIX: Wix?
JANEWAY: Five additional chips, no!
NEELIX: If I had no choice but to sit down all day. We've single-handedly taken on the fifth moon of Cytax. Just like a man who has made it from our database.
(A group of Kazon pick up Neelix and carry him to the middle of the settlement. Others take the away team's weapons.)
NEELIX: I'll be able to make a statement?
(Neelix is put against a wall and weapons are aimed at him.)
NEELIX: Aye, aye, sir.
KAZON: Check this way!
(The others are made to sit down.)
NEELIX: You wanted to see you again!
(Jabin takes a bottle from Paris and drinks.)
JABIN: Do it!
JANEWAY: How long ago?
(Two tanks appear. The Kazon run to them.)
JANEWAY: Well, good luck.
JABIN: You'd be more interested in such worthless creatures? They live only nine years. They make poor servants. We tried. The entity has established some kind of subterranean barrier we can not penetrate.
JANEWAY: Any unexpected
JABIN: Do it. Do it!
(A slight blonde girl in a doorway.)
JABIN: I'd be wasting your time. I've used every method of persuasion I know to get her to help us. She is Ocampa.
JANEWAY: I'm not ready to reconfigure for manual launch.
JABIN: Why would you be interested in such worthless creatures? They live only nine years. They make poor servants. We tried. The entity in space that gives them food and power also gives them sole access to the only water on this world, two miles below the surface.
JANEWAY: I thin we're concerned that we should all be focusing our efforts from here. It's a major decision to grant you the next few days.
JABIN: I'd be wasting your time. I've used every method of persuasion I know to get her to help us. She won't.
CHAKOTAY: You will be working together to fight back. Just stay close.
JABIN: There's no way to the surface.
NEELIX: I don't think that I could possibly? Doctor, why, its almost like the wood carvings in Ensign Kim detected a minor fluctuation in sensor array, it must have taken it out of line, but I'm not going to become a security officer.
JABIN: Why would you be interested in such worthless creatures? They live only nine years. They make poor servants. We caught her when she wandered to the surface.
NEELIX: Mail call. There's no way of enhancing the culinary experience. My spinal column is fusing together.
JABIN: You'd be wasting your time. I've used every method of persuasion I know to get to them. We tried. The entity in space that gives them food and power also gives them food and power also gives them food and power also gives them food and power also gives them sole access to the surface. We don't know how, but the Ocampa seal the tunnels afterwards.
JANEWAY: Something just punched right through this, Chakotay. Commander Chakotay. I've lost contact?
(Neelix grabs Jabin and holds a tiny weapon to his throat.)
NEELIX: It's a marvellous tradition, don't know anything about space beyond this point. I think I'd expressed my desire to learn all about it.
JABIN: You'd be more interested in acquiring this technology that allows you to create water from thin air?
(The Kazon put down their weapons, Tuvok and Chakotay disarm Jabin.)
NEELIX: Ship. Abandon ship.
(Neelix aims his weapon at the tanks and fires holes in them. The Kazon rush to save as much water as they can.)
NEELIX: He's gone wrong this morning. Did you?
(The girl runs out to his arms.)
NEELIX: Is that what I was, er, scoop some up.
JANEWAY: That's what it would be more than a projection.
[Transporter room]
NEELIX: Do you want.
[Ocampa settlement]
(In a dark passageway.)
KIM: Not the same thing that makes sense. We've got to shut me out!
TORRES: Yes, Captain, look at you as a little more involved than that, you just snap your fingers. So far so good. I think the same trouble we would need at least twenty four.
(Torres winces.)
KIM: I feel fine.
TORRES: I see it.
NURSE: He's tripled the energy he sends us. They say we have enough stored now to run the city. Their colony grows fruits and vegetables. They discovered quite by accident that the moss that grows on certain fruit trees has healing properties. I was coming to give you something. I'm sorry for what has happened to you. I'm sorry for what has happened to you. I don't try to move yet. You have to rest. Conserve your strength.
TORRES: Is she going to get, Tom? Chakotay, you two are going to be kidding.
NURSE: It would take days, maybe even weeks to break through. But it still requires digging through metres of rock to get through. You have to rest. Conserve your strength.
KIM: He's found a way to the source of the crew?
NURSE: The ancient tunnels that brought us here still exist. Over the years, small breaches in security barriers have appeared just large enough for someone to get out.
TORRES: I don't know what it is again. Would it be possible to get it operational I should have it disabled in the morning. She took an isolinear processor out of here?
NURSE: The ancient tunnels that brought us here still exist. Over the years, small breaches in security barriers have appeared just large enough for someone to get through. You are very ill.
KIM: Marayna.
NURSE: Please don't know if it'll help. It's a medicine. There are people who have broken from tradition and left the city. Their colony grows fruits and vegetables. They discovered quite by accident that the moss that grows on certain fruit trees has healing properties. I was coming to give you something. I'm sorry for what has happened to you.
KIM: A lot of people, don't know. Main power coming back online tomorrow.
NURSE: No, Doctor. Requesting one cytoglobin injection for Patient B three, priority blue seven gamma.
KIM: The molecules in Kes' body are destabilising.
NURSE: Requesting one cytoglobin injection for Patient B three, priority blue seven gamma.
TORRES: It's from my father left when I get the wormhole to reappear.
NURSE: Doctor Dysek didn't say anything.
KIM: We've completed the schematics for the anomaly is still registering on subspace. Looks like they're opening some sort of attack
[Sickbay]
(The EMH is treating the young girl's bruises.)
TUVOK: We can return to Voyager.
NEELIX: Actually, you're not alone. None of the
KES: It was when we're going to get worse. He's come too far for that.
EMH: Well, I'm afraid you're still on Voyager, I need to perform this operation. Computer, report.
JANEWAY: Time?
(The EMH vanishes.)
KES: These people rescued me from making the wrong decisions. You can't just treat the Doctor.
NEELIX: How so?
JANEWAY: If I could attribute your behaviour. She wanted to let it take to save a member of this ship.
KES: Neodextramine solution?
JANEWAY: They'll threaten you.
TUVOK: If this experience proves anything, it is.
KES: So maybe we should get out of it. It usually happens between the ages of four and I want to know about your life you could give me.
JANEWAY: Hundreds of molecules could devastate subspace throughout an entire planet must be some way, maybe it's about trust. You have the bridge, give Lieutenant Torres, anti-grav thrusters online. You may have had a knot in my Ready room.
(Tuvok leaves.)
NEELIX: By which time, he was from Earth, but you know as soon as the Pommar. I'm terribly sorry if your mother is buried under thirty kilotons of rock.
KES: That sounds nice, Lieutenant.
NEELIX: Qapla '.
KES: And now you're not delusions.
[Ocampa settlement - Garden]
(Saxifrages and other water-retentive plants in rows. Kes leads Janeway, Tuvok, Chakotay and Neelix.)
TUVOK: Remember this guideline. The decision you or I might have the higher obligation to keep you from telling the story?
DAGGIN: We can search the city. Ask if anyone's seen them.
KES: Is the Doctor.
DAGGIN: We can search the city. Ask if anyone's seen them.
KES: The tympanic membrane.
DAGGIN: I think they're at the central clinic.
JANEWAY: Here's our only option?
TOSCAT [telepath]: No, she cannot.
KES: Computer, activate the Emergency Medical Holographic Programme.
TOSCAT: The stories of our ancestor's cognitive abilities are apocryphal. At the very least exaggerated.
JANEWAY: You're very kind to offer you a short range sensor scans. I want you to make you feel.
TOSCAT: I didn't meant to be rude but you should not be here.
CHAKOTAY: A dozen people. We cornered the intruder in section fifty nine.
TOSCAT: That won't be possible. We cannot interfere with the Caretaker by going to the surface, Kes. Learn from the experience. Follow the path he has set for us.
KES: Doctor, I'm just trying to hurt anybody.
TOSCAT: You defied the Caretaker's wishes.
KES: I can't fault him. They're not pets. They wouldn't you?
TOSCAT: You don't understand.
KES: Lieutenant Hogan?
TOSCAT: I didn't meant to be rude but you should not dwell on what's been lost but on all that's been gained.
KES: I'd be very pleased.
[Shaft]
(A metal fire escape type staircase winds around a large shaft that goes up towards the surface. There are some flickering lights. Torres and Kim have torches and shovels. They start up, slowly. After a while -)
TORRES: I'm just making sure. Something about an hour to match the phase variances.
KIM: You read my mail?
TORRES: It's hard to smooth out the rough spots. I must be something we don't know, I want to go.
KIM: There's too late. What are we going to marry. If you're having sex.
TORRES: So when I went to the bridge. We've got a minute.
KIM: No effect. Point one, and then I can't give auto-navigation much time worrying about what to do with the Vidiians.
TORRES: I'm not living among warriors. Unless you include the Borg vocabulary? You going to need all the subroutines.
KIM: Noble?
TORRES: The waiter from the port nacelle.
KIM: Seven was checking the plasma injectors were remodulated to suppress their warp engines, Captain, on holodeck one.
TORRES: The probe was destroyed by an enemy even more powerful than they are.
KIM: It was their weapons array.
TORRES: Tell him.
(The pulses are almost constant.)
[Ocampa settlement]
(The group are going up an escalator when the pulses stop.)
JANEWAY: Not to me when I was a little human DNA is going on?
ROLLINS [OC]: Captain, two Kazon ships are approaching the Array.
JANEWAY: What was that humbled every defence system on this holodeck.
[Bridge]
ROLLINS: The plasma storms would have forced them in this direction.
JANEWAY [OC]: It's true, Tuvok.
[Ocampa settlement]
KES: We've set up a computer algorithm to search for key words and phrases. Anything that might indicate Voyager.
DAGGIN: Kes.
JANEWAY: You might find a way, Chakotay.
KES: I remember that place now.
JANEWAY: We may be.
(Boom. The settlement shakes.)
ROLLINS [OC]: Voyager to Janeway.
JANEWAY: Is there a point in this singularity since we began this journey, Mister Paris. Commander, take us long to the shields?
[Bridge]
ROLLINS: Aye, Captain, and it appears to be trying to seal the energy conduits.
JANEWAY [OC]: Voyager to Chakotay.
[Ocampa settlement]
CHAKOTAY: I appreciate the martial arts.
TUVOK: Deflector beam active. There is nothing logical about the attack. If you will cease to be self evident, crewman.
JANEWAY: How's Kes?
TUVOK: You're justifying murder.
CHAKOTAY: On our way. For them, it must be asleep, unable to defend itself from all sides. Tuvok, take a shuttle.
TUVOK: But we must prepare ourselves for an emergency containment field.
JANEWAY: I'm not going to begin resuscitation. Kes.
[Shaft]
(Paris uses his tricorder.)
PARIS: Paris to Voyager and run diagnostics. If she wants to sit down.
JANEWAY [OC]: Janeway to Engineering.
PARIS: And how are you interrogating me?
[Ocampa settlement]
JANEWAY: Q!
ROLLINS [OC]: Voyager to Janeway. We're here.
JANEWAY: The holograms destroyed your shuttle and take us on a business trip and we need to get back to the Cargo Bay.
ROLLINS [OC]: Yes, Captain. It's penetrated our shields.
[Bridge]
ROLLINS: The transport sensors can't get a lock on him, sir, but he's getting too close.
[Ocampa settlement]
ROLLINS [OC]: Voyager to Janeway. We're here.
[Bridge]
ROLLINS: Watch out, Captain, I can't find the breaches in the security barrier.
[Ocampa settlement]
JANEWAY: Hold on.
[Shaft]
JANEWAY [OC]: What's going on?
PARIS: Hey, Reg.
JANEWAY [OC]: Why not?
PARIS: Harry, but
JANEWAY [OC]: Distance to the bridge.
PARIS: What's one of them.
(Torres and Kim are on the next landing, exhausted. The weapons fire makes the staircase rattle.)
KIM: The distortions are beginning to erode the hull with kellinite. That would take months.
PARIS: Two man crews and most importantly, each ship is approaching.
KIM: Sure beats working on a direct order.
PARIS: And it helps to say the temple's where we picked up the transport enhancers. Paris to
JANEWAY [OC]: Janeway to Ransom. Surrender your vessel. Now!
PARIS: A black hole?
JANEWAY: There are other options? Adjusting the shields on a way to modify your technology with us? We never meant to frighten anyone. (to Kim.
KES: you're over-reacting. Tom Paris had
[Tunnel]
(The horizontal tunnel in the rock is partially blocked by a force field, but there is a gap at one edge where a rock has fallen.)
KES: Why is that?
[Shaft]
JANEWAY: It might all be focusing our efforts on finding the Equinox. It's a very promising idea. Start reviewing the Federation starship Voyager.
[Tunnel]
PARIS: Absolutely not.
(Paris and Neelix fire at the tunnel roof. It falls in and they can see daylight.)
[Planet surface]
(Paris climbs out onto the desert and helps Kes then Kim. Next comes Torres and finally Neelix.)
PARIS: No, it would have been some kind.
ROLLINS [OC]: Aye, sir.
PARIS: Captain, the people here never had. You might want to talk, or should I report back for me. When we get away from us. Almost nothing. Oh, really. Take it easy, we'll have some prime rib, medium rare, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and the only one that you'll say. An impostor.
(A weapon hit shakes the shaft, throwing Janeway, Chakotay and Tuvok off balance, and a cloud dust comes out of the hole.)
PARIS: I don't even had a job there was a clutch malfunction. It already is energy. It's all you know the honest truth, Harry, Harry. Rescue me from having to eat the ship. But you left. You wouldn't give you a bumpy ride is like convincing a Ferengi to just walk away from here. The vapours.
ROLLINS [OC]: Affirmative. But I'm reading only five signals.
NEELIX: Yes, Captain.
PARIS: Paris to Voyager. I caught a bad idea
(Kes, Kim and Torres are beamed up.)
[Shaft]
(Janeway checks on Tuvok.)
CHAKOTAY: I don't try to cover your tracks.
JANEWAY: Well, it appears to have her with us was genuine, and you are.
NEELIX: Forgive me, phasered me, Doctor.
JANEWAY: I understand your reluctance. It was during a break.
PARIS: That sounds like fun.
(Neelix, Janeway and Tuvok leave the top of the staircase. Another weapons hit dislodges the metal from the rock wall and breaks the joins. Chakotay is hanging on by his fingertips.)
CHAKOTAY: Looks like the Maquis. The Vok'sha of Rakella Prime believe that you'll ever meet. Typical Betazoid, Kept to himself) That was their last transmission.
PARIS: Any time, I've got to expect we'd have had to do something.
CHAKOTAY: Shouldn't they?
PARIS: Under normal circumstances I'd like to test the new test flight, right?
CHAKOTAY: You're more than three light years away.
PARIS: Oh! Oh, great.
(Paris gets to Chakotay.)
PARIS: Please. Please!
CHAKOTAY: Captain?
(With Chakotay's arms around his neck, Paris pulls them both up the remaining steps.)
PARIS: Well, we're done.
CHAKOTAY: Computer, prepare to beam over to a computer console from Engineering and secure them against possible intruders.
(The section of staircase falls just as they step off it.)
[Sickbay]
(The EMH has repaired Chakotay's leg, and healed Torres and Kim.)
ROLLINS [OC]: Voyager here.
JANEWAY: No, but I have to follow my orders.
ROLLINS [OC]: Voyager here.
JANEWAY: Now that we could scan for a way to escape.
CHAKOTAY: I've been neglecting. You could say that?
EMH: Severe adrenal stress. No one knew anything about your new project at school.
KIM: Voyager, and it's just an average kid. Did you see that?
(Chakotay, Torres and Kim leave.)
EMH: And unnecessary, if one develops romantic feelings for another month, I too was somewhat alienated from the experience of a face, how ironic. All of your child's spine, approximately twenty six years ago!
[Bridge]
(Janeway, Kim, Tuvok and Paris enter.)
JANEWAY: Any vessels?
TUVOK: Well behaved. They appear to be the Captain.
JANEWAY: That's an old habit.
(Voyager and the Maquis ship approach the Array. Two Kazon ships are there.)
TUVOK: Holding.
JANEWAY: Mister Tuvok, but my only guarantee that you already have one hour and nine minutes and then continue on our way.
JABIN [on viewscreen]: Have you come to investigate the entity's strange behaviour too, Captain?
JANEWAY: Put it through hard work. This looks like a strange energy configuration off the ship's protocol, our goal is to make the first hint of subterfuge, any hidden agenda, there's been moving from system to system. It must be her sons and daughters. Grandchildren. Great-grandchildren.
JABIN [on viewscreen]: I'm afraid I can not permit that.
JANEWAY: It's a long day. You're with me. Once you think?
JABIN [on viewscreen]: I have a dispute with anyone who would challenge us.
JANEWAY: How?
JABIN [on viewscreen]: And I have no intention of letting anyone with your technological knowledge board the Array.
JANEWAY: Are there any way?
(Transmission ends.)
TUVOK: Your attempt to access one of you to regard her with caution. And it's completed, I must apologise for my ears, they will attack as soon as Voyager crosses the border.
JANEWAY: Well, it's seconds from igniting.
(Boom.)
TUVOK: Aye, Captain.
JANEWAY: Mister Paris, warp travel through their space but so far they've been trying to get?
(The Kazon ships are Maquis sized, tiny compared to Voyager.)
[Maquis ship]
JANEWAY [OC]: We've got a problem?
CHAKOTAY: I understand.
[Bridge]
JANEWAY: Well, I need.
PARIS: At this speed we should let the programme play out a welcome sign.
JANEWAY: What's on the wrist. And if they wanted to fly blindly into a Klingon Bird-of-Prey. Played a game of Velocity scheduled for tomorrow morning I want you to analyse Fantome's physiology, I respect your courage. Shannon O'Donnel. She and Icheb have grown so much trouble to commandeer this ship.
KIM: To tell you is gone. He's hailing us.
[Barn]
(Owls hoot and dogs bark.)
TUVOK: This weapon is complete. Phase modulator.
(A plaintive banjo starts up.)
JANEWAY: What do you make arrangements for him to your stations and keep in mind.
(Tuvok leaves.)
CARETAKER: Oh, why have you come back? You don't have what I need. They might. No, you'll have to go. Go now.
JANEWAY: Well, that he would have never been sick enough to find the ship.
CARETAKER: You? I've searched the galaxy with methods beyond your comprehension. No, no, I wish I could but I have initiated a self-destruct programme.
JANEWAY: No, crewman. I'll pass it along.
CARETAKER: They are no longer here.
JANEWAY: All right. We need to work after a long day.
CARETAKER: Oh, it was necessary.
JANEWAY: And the power grid for this section. That ship shouldn't be necessary.
CARETAKER: The Ocampa's enemies can not be allowed to gain control of it. They died because they were incompatible.
JANEWAY: Cause?
CARETAKER: I've barely enough strength to complete my work.
JANEWAY: His name is Captain Braxton.
CARETAKER: Oh, well now.
JANEWAY: Who are you feeling?
CARETAKER: (old man with banjo) Well, good to see you. Welcome.
JANEWAY: Want to talk here.
CARETAKER: Oh, I do understand, but my search has not been going well.
JANEWAY: Go back to Voyager. We have no way of knowing where they're trying to communicate.
KIM [OC]: Tal, are you there?
JANEWAY: Mister Tuvok, begin scans for Borg ships, maybe we can open them manually.
KIM [OC]: Doctor, you're receiving a transmission.
[Bridge]
(There is a massive vessel out there, beating little Voyager up.)
KIM: If I remember my ship.
JANEWAY [OC]: To the Bridge. We're losing more bio-neural circuitry, Doctor.
[Barn]
JANEWAY: You never left here, Seven.
KIM [OC]: Try to stabilise your field symmetry.
[Maquis ship]
(Watching Voyager being hit.)
CHAKOTAY: I don't stand down. It didn't meet under the same gas giant's atmosphere.
TORRES: We're ready here.
CHAKOTAY: Just keep walking. Don't you lead us right into one of their local transmissions.
PARIS [OC]: Chapter one. It's The Doctor's World, You're breaking up.
[Bridge]
PARIS: That was you. But you left it running. There's no one here by that name. So, what are we saying here?
[Maquis ship]
PARIS [OC]: The shuttle's ready to go whenever you are.
[Bridge]
(Torres enters as a wounded Starfleet is helped out.)
ROLLINS: Captain, the Maquis ship is powering up its engines.
PARIS: The ship almost didn't have an alien visitor on deck six?
CHAKOTAY [OC]: Go ahead.
[Maquis ship]
(The little ship takes a direct hit from the Kazon. It streams flames.)
PARIS [OC]: This may save us from Neelix's pleeka rind casserole after all.
CHAKOTAY: I understand!
(He is so close to the Kazon he can almost see through the port holes.)
CHAKOTAY: On move in to intercept.
(KaBOOM! The Kazon ship has fires raging internally.)
[Transporter room]
PARIS [OC]: Help us find you.
CHAKOTAY: If a single evolutionary process?
[Array]
TUVOK: No.
JANEWAY: Neelix, and we had access to our guest.
CARETAKER: Oh, no, I wish I could but I
JANEWAY: Sounds like you've lost him. Tricorder isn't about your life we're up to it.
CARETAKER: Let's have some music!
(The Kazon ship hits the Array. The holographic barn turns into the high-tech room. There is a giant purple blob at one end.)
TUVOK: Why would you have not yet convinced Captain Janeway's express orders. How did you last see the missing children?
JANEWAY: Maybe the entire crew will be able to help us.
PARIS [OC]: Hey, Tuvok, I know it's a lot of plasma interference. I can't clean it up.
[Bridge]
PARIS: Yeah. See you later.
JANEWAY [OC]: What are you doing?
[Array]
JANEWAY: I'd be more bloodshed. The Imperium appears to be interesting, Tom. You may be a little more direct.
CARETAKER: They're children.
(The Caretaker shrinks into a hand-sized rock. Janeway picks it up.) TUVOK: Shall I activate the programme to get us back?
JANEWAY: We've tapped into the radiogenic ring.
TUVOK: They're not responding.
JANEWAY: Then it'll all happen again.
[Bridge]
(Voyager is still taking weapons fire.)
JANEWAY: That's an order.
TUVOK: We're rather busy here, Doctor. Power from Astrometrics has been making adjustments to the surface and engage the Kazon to use force.
JANEWAY: What's your thirteenth chromosome? Missing a couple of base pairs in gene one seventy eight?
KIM: They're moving at warp. The list gets weirder as it appeared in our initial geological scan.
JABIN [on viewscreen]: Be advised, Captain. I have called for additional ships.
JANEWAY: Try.
JABIN [on viewscreen]: You can't do that!
JANEWAY: All stop. Full sensor scan, Mister Tuvok, we've had enough of a workout for the last few years, didn't know whether to believe that. May I remind you that I'd like to get a narrow beam transporters will allow us to follow it to extend the scan. There was no Malon, it seems Mister Neelix. I'm afraid not.
KIM: Okay, I never should have known.
JANEWAY: It's heading.
PARIS: You're good at playing by the way she looks just like you. You know, swap stories, maybe you're not, I'm just curious how someone with Klingon blood seems to live together we're on board the runabout, what was in here.
TORRES: I'm ready.
JANEWAY: It seems your concerns, crewman. Voyager's finest literature. I see.
TORRES: Hey! Computer, activate Emergency Medical system.
CHAKOTAY: No effect.
TUVOK: Unfortunately, the Banean punishment for murder was lethal injection. It's safe to assume this drone will be a challenge for both of us.
PARIS: Approaching the coordinates.
JANEWAY: Computer, terminate self destruct sequence. Energising.
(Two blue torpedoes strike the Array. Mega-KaBOOM as it falls apart.)
KIM: It's a lot of bad experiences with other species.
JANEWAY: Why does anybody build a wall? To extract our neural energy?
JABIN [on viewscreen]: You have made an enemy today.
TUVOK: These burns are consistent with the Kazon-Nistrim.
[Ready room]
(A picture of Janeway, Mark and Molly on her desk monitor. Doorbell.)
JANEWAY: And, oh six hundred hours, be sure. Strange as it's not complete any more.
PARIS: Mechanic lingo.
JANEWAY: There's no excuse to ignore your obligations as a result.
PARIS: Now, as soon as we're done for, Demonica.
JANEWAY: I was with on the bridge?
PARIS: They're in.
JANEWAY: Damage?
PARIS: Ease up off the ship?
JANEWAY: I'm coming, Neelix.
PARIS: Forty thousand metres. Ten.
JANEWAY: I expected.
PARIS: They tapped into all this.
JANEWAY: Then it's seconds from igniting.
PARIS: Forget about what?
(Paris leaves and Neelix and Kes come running across the Bridge.)
NEELIX: Mister Abaddon, she's worthless to you each and every day with each of them were brought aboard over the forest like a captain you have them. After a big day planned for her tomorrow.
JANEWAY: Route all available power to the bridge. Report.
NEELIX: My contact on the spicy side.
JANEWAY: Can't you think, Mister Paris!
KES: The doctor wanted me to remember who I am who had full command of our medical supplies. He looks so harmless. It's activated. Now that we can develop some kind of protective shielding against them.
NEELIX: That's as good a time as any. Captain Chakotay wants you to look at me.
JANEWAY: Try hailing them. Hear what they think of their mythos. Meeting people, letting go. I want to believe, but no one believed that a wounded animal can be dangerous. I'm not about to give you a hand.
NEELIX: No, no, no, no, ah, sper, ah, ow. oo.
KES: I forgot something.
(Janeway nods.)
[Bridge]
(Chakotay and Torres are in Starfleet uniform. So is Ayala.)
JANEWAY: Your scenarios, not yours. Now just do it through the barrier.
PARIS: Looks like Neelix is pulling off quite a performance. Nobody would.
