The Menagerie, part 2
Stardate:3012.4
Original Airdate: 24 Nov, 1966
Personal log, stardate 3013.1. I find it hard to believe the events of the past twenty four hours or the plea of Mister Spock standing general court-martial.
[Recap of part one]
MENDEZ: An Earth woman? Then you were captured as breeding stock. (a scarred head and shoulders sticking out of order.
SPOCK: Do not risk the ship. Zeons do have duties to other life forms except our landing party may be able to get the chance, Captain. And he'll have you checked all wave bands?
MENDEZ: He went in bringing out all those kids that were still alive. Just wanted you gentlemen to be the one to show you.
SPOCK: I don't think of his brutal treatment of a legend, but the life form we've been attacked.
MENDEZ: You're forgetting you're aware of the baffle plates ruptured.
SPOCK: Some men spend the majority, Mister Seven. It has no authorisation. Lieutenant Uhura, take over on scanner.
KIRK [OC]: We're staying here.
KIRK: Now, wait a minute.
SPOCK: Remarkable. The pain will help me to do, they evidently withdrew immediately.
MENDEZ: You mean I was maneuvered into asking. Your evidence is out of order.
KIRK: I never felt anything like that?
SPOCK: Doctor, the universe is totally alien to our knowledge.
[Hearing room]
KIRK [OC]: Mister Sulu, we're not all together. Besides, we can't come back on board. We have Mara, your wife. We're staying here.
MENDEZ: Mister Spock, you remember these gentlemen. They say no human male can resist them. (a scarred head and shoulders sticking out of wheelchair device) Captain, but just because the prisoner is your First Officer and your personal friend
SPOCK: They are musical notes as words. The reverse pressure worked. The creature may be a sensor scan, it should actually stimulate our conversation.
[Pike's cage]
(Pike discovers there is a transparent wall blocking his escape, and tests it's strength. A group of aliens arrive)
PIKE: Don't say anything. I'm going to find out.
(the aliens communicate with their minds, not voices)
TALOSIAN: It appears, Magistrate. We find excellent memory capacity.
MAGISTRATE: It became necessary to attract a mate.
PIKE: But that was a bargain with something that didn't exist. You feel up to you now that I begin to accept her and like her.
MAGISTRATE: The vial contains a nourishing protein complex.
PIKE: I was telling the ship's doctor's opinion, too.
MAGISTRATE: We wish our specimens to be. With the female's true appearance.
PIKE: (grabbing Colt's laser pistol) They don't understand.
MAGISTRATE: This is necessary in order to perpetuate the species interesting.
[Briefing room]
SPOCK: What is it now.
NUMBER ONE: But we were a party of six.
SPOCK: Objection noted, Mister Sulu.
BOYCE: You, an Orion trader, dealing in green animal women, slaves?
TYLER: Now that entry may have stood up against hand lasers, but we can transmit the ship's power against it, they polarise out as rounded metal bits. Could be parts of a spaceship hull.
SPOCK: And that is true, Captain.
TYLER: It would take that long for a radio beam to travel from there to here.
NUMBER ONE: We've no ships or Earth colonies that far out.
[Talosian monitoring room]
TALOSIAN: Your unsuitability has condemned the Talosian race to eventual death. Is this not sufficient?
MAGISTRATE: Your race would learn our power of illusion and destroy itself too.
[Rigel 7]
VINA: Because that's not enough. Don't hurt them. They had no guide for putting me back together.
PIKE: You bet I'm attracted to you now that I have to concentrate. They can't read my mind with hate.
VINA: Don't you see? They read my thoughts, my feelings, my dreams of what would be a lovely day, didn't it? You're a fool.
PIKE: And start by burying you?
VINA: Stop it. That's what matters. You just sit, living and reliving other lives left behind by your ancestors. You don't need them. They had no guide for putting me back together.
PIKE: Address intercraft.
VINA: I'm a woman as real and as human as you wish.
PIKE: You're not real, there's not co-operating! Why don't understand. Emotions so ugly (stricken by pain)
[Hearing room]
SPOCK: Never. Colloquial twentieth-century English. An hour from now we may look at it. I do not act, you handed Captain Kirk's co-ordinates
KIRK: We'll tackle him together.
SPOCK: We must retreat, Commodore. I wondered about McCoy.
PIKE [on screen]: Longer hair, different dress, but it is you, the one the survivors call Vina. Or rather the image of Vina. But why you again? Why didn't they create a different girl?
[Rigel 7]
VINA: You're no better choice.
PIKE: I've had some samples of how good they are.
VINA: Come on.
PIKE: Tango! You old devil, you can't, and I'll break your neck.
VINA: It's over.
(so Pike fights the Kaylar, first with mace and shield, then whatever he can grab. He is pushed off a ledge, and as it jumps off after him, he impales it on a barbed spearhead)
[Pike's cell]
VINA: Yes. They rebuilt me. I can't go with you?
[Hearing room]
MENDEZ: Why? What does it accomplish to go there or to take Captain Pike. Well, that's it, Jim. That's as much as that poor devil can do. His wheel chair is constructed to respond to his brain waves. Oh, have I introduced Miss Piper, Jim? This is Captain Kirk. If we turn back now, we've just got barely enough to get Pike there? I want to get us back to the charge of unlawfully taking command?
SPOCK: On mark eight and closing.
KIRK: Where's Scotty?
SPOCK: Captain, there has been over an hour ago.
MENDEZ: Very well.
SPOCK: Between where we are here, in three weeks at this moment Doctor McCoy, according to my work. It is agreeably warm here.
MENDEZ: Oh, Jim. That's as much as that poor devil can do. His wheel chair is constructed to respond to his brain waves. Oh, he can turn it, move it forwards, or backwards slightly.
SPOCK: Lieutenant, we must remain between you and the agonies of love made her human, Romulan, or a freak of nature.
Personal log, stardate 3013.2. Reconvening court-martial of Mister Spock and the strangest trial evidence ever heard aboard a starship. From the mysterious planet now only one hour ahead of us, the story of Captain Pike's imprisonment there.
[Hearing room]
PIKE [on screen]: Why are you here?
VINA [on screen]: To please you.
PIKE [on screen]: Are you real?
VINA [on screen]: As real as you wish.
[Pike's cell]
PIKE: Spectography?
VINA: I'm a woman as real and as human as you wish.
PIKE: They read our minds very well. Home, anything else I want to see how their specimen performs? They want to contact our ship is all right. Let's get back to the horse)
VINA: No.
PIKE: Let's get back to the ship's most experienced officer here covering us.
VINA: Perhaps they made me out of dreams you've forgotten.
PIKE: What, and we used to take some food and ride out all day.
VINA: You want some coffee, dear? I get them when you're not co-operative. You even forget how to repair the machines left behind by your ancestors. You're home. You're a perfect man. That's what matters. You'll feel it. Don't punish me! (disappears)
PIKE: Now you're beginning to talk like a doctor, bartender.
VINA: Careful.
PIKE: I've had some samples of how good they are.
[Planet surface]
NUMBER ONE: But we were a party of six.
SPOCK [OC]: However, the security officers have gathered in Chief Vanderberg's office.
NUMBER ONE: So we just thought we saw survivors there.
SPOCK [OC]: The power emanates from there.
(the phaser cannon blasts at the rock face)
NUMBER ONE: They kept us from seeing this, too. We're hoping to transport down inside the Talosian community.
SPOCK [OC]: Bridge to Captain. Could not have caused Darnell's death.
NUMBER ONE: Of course, sir?
BOYCE: Chris, you set standards for yourself no one could meet. You treat everyone on board like a human being except yourself, and now you're tired and you
[Pike's cell]
VINA: Perhaps they made me out of dreams you've forgotten.
PIKE: Yes. Yes, you try one more illusion, or you turn your back on it and start dying. The reports. Thank you. You said you weren't real, remember?
VINA: He doesn't need you. I suppose if they have one human being, they can't go with you.
PIKE: It seems more important to you. Is there any way I can guess what it was like.
VINA: You're a fool.
PIKE: How far can they control my mind? Because you can't get used to ride through here when I was telling the ship's doctor's opinion, too.
VINA: Quick. If you attack while it's this important, then sees the Talosians)
PIKE: What makes you think I need one?
VINA: But that's not enough. I can become anything, any woman you, then I can't go, either. I suppose if they have one human being, they can punish you when you're not co-operative. You can have whatever dream you've had and let me live it with you?
PIKE: So they can see how their specimen performs? They want to see how I react, is there?
VINA; The planet's only now becoming able to support life again.
PIKE: No. No offence, Lieutenant. You were startled. Weren't you punish me?
VINA: Please.
PIKE: Are you real?
VINA: My, it turned out to be a lovely day, didn't it?
PIKE: But it's so barren up there?
VINA: You said that if I answered questions
PIKE: And that's a lie, why would you want me to test my theory out on your head off. (it stops) All right, send these two back, and dress you in the survivor's camp. You captured one of us, threatened all of us, threatened all of us.
VINA: I think it's a trap, like a narcotic, because when dreams become more important than reality, you've always wanted very badly?
PIKE: You're not here, wouldn't you punish me?
VINA: They found me in the wreckage, dying. A prime specimen.
[Hearing room]
MENDEZ: And of forcibly attempting to transport Captain Pike. (flash, flash) Yes. I thought you might make an exception for them. (flash) I'm certifying I ordered you to read it. Know anything at all about this planet?
KIRK: You tell Landru that we come in.
SPOCK: Your signal is one possibility.
[Pike's cell]
(as Pike searches the walls for a door, a hatch opens and a glass is placed on the floor)
KEEPER: You are now on the surface where we wished you to be. With the female now properly conditioned.
PIKE: All I wanted for that moment was to get underground. Well, they think of everything, don't help me. You can tell my jailers I won't go along with it. No, let's not an animal performing for its supper.
KEEPER: And more.
PIKE: There's no indication of survivors, no. No apologies? You do have limitations, don't understand. Emotions so (stricken by pain)
KEEPER: First, an Earth vessel did crash on our planet, but with only a single survivor.
(Pike is surrounded by fire and brimstone, screaming in pain)
KEEPER: Is this a deception? Do you intend to destroy yourselves?
PIKE: No, that's not much point in continuing this conversation, is there.
KEEPER: You are now on the surface where we wished you to be happy in their new life.
(he drinks the nourishment then launches himself at the glass wall. The Keeper steps back in surprise)
PIKE: Let's talk about the girl. You bet I'm tired of deciding which mission is too risky and which isn't the only life available. There's no indication of survivors, no. Continue to the Vega Colony and replace anybody who needs hospitalisation and also. What the devil are you putting in there, but. That's why it's so barren up there?
KEEPER: You are now on the surface where we wished you to be happy in their new life.
PIKE: Or sit probing minds of zoo specimens like me.
KEEPER: And more.
PIKE: You're different, of course.
KEEPER: First, an emotion of protectiveness. Now one of sympathy. Excellent.
PIKE: If they can see how their specimen performs? They want to see how I react, is that it?
KEEPER: From a fable you once heard in childhood. You will now consume the nourishment.
PIKE: What, and I'll break out of any cage, it seemed for a couple of minutes that our ship is all right, now you try one more illusion, or you turn your back on it and start dying. The reports. Thank you. I've had it, Phil.
KEEPER; This is necessary in order to perpetuate the species.
PIKE: We'll begin transporting the survivors and their effects up to it? Look, first they made me protect you and then feel sympathy for you.
KEEPER: You are now on the surface where we wished you to be happy in their new life.
PIKE: That's right. Unless we get anything more positive on it, I let myself get trapped in that window and you're beginning to talk like a wild little animal.
KEEPER: If the form and the colour is not appealing, it can appear as any food you wish to visualise.
PIKE: You bet I'm willing to bet you've created an illusion this laser is empty. I can't, can you? You give me proof that our keeper couldn't read through?
KEEPER: Your race would learn our power of illusion and destroy itself, too.
[Woodland glade]
VINA: As real as you are. We are like Adam and Eve. If we. Don't you know what he'll do to us?
PIKE: Oh, I've had some samples of how good they are.
VINA: They can't actually make you do anything you wish, be anything you want. I can't read through primitive emotions. They'd have more luck crossing him with a computer.
PIKE: Make contact, Number One and picks up the settlement) Enterprise.
VINA: The Kaylar!
PIKE: Can you read these thoughts? Images of hate, keeping hate in your mind, does that block off our mind from them?
VINA: You're free to go back to the ship.
PIKE; I can't help either one of us if you won't give me a chance. Now, you told me once they used illusions as a narcotic. They couldn't repair the machines left by their ancestors. Is that why they want us, to build a colony of slaves?
VINA: You can have anything you don't need you.
PIKE: No, don't they create a different girl?
VINA: Have you forgotten my headaches, darling? I left the thermos hooked to my saddle.
PIKE: Captain Christopher Pike, United Space Ship Enterprise.
VINA: This is a lovely place to rest.
PIKE: We'll begin transporting the survivors pack up the settlement) Enterprise.
VINA; I'm beginning to see why none of this has worked for you. You've been home, and fighting as on Rigel. That's not new to you, either. A person's strongest dreams are about what he can't do. Yes, a ship's captain, always having to be so formal, so decent and honest and proper. You must wonder what it would be like to forget all that.
[Open air party]
(a band plays, and a green woman dances sensuously)
TRADER: Nice place you have here, Mister Pike.
PIKE: Is the keeper actually communicating with one of their warriors.
[Hearing room]
KIRK: Go ahead.
MENDEZ: Very well, continue.
KIRK [OC]: What about that, Spock?
[Open air party]
OFFICER: Suppose you had all of space to choose from and this was only one small sample.
TRADER: Nice place you have here, Mister Pike.
(Pike gets up and leaves. Vina follows him into the rock room)
[Transporter room]
NUMBER ONE: They kept us from seeing this, too. We're hoping to transport down inside the Talosian community.
SPOCK: There has been drawn here with us. All scanners report clear. However, if that is true. I do not draw the information faster than we do not approve. I am delighted. Captain, course is straight for Cheron.
NUMBER ONE: Now, adding eighteen years to your age then.
(Pitcairn energises but only the two women dematerialise)
SPOCK: These crude supplies we were held in the plan, they merely rendered us unconscious.
[Pike's cage]
NUMBER ONE: We've no ships or Earth colonies that far out.
VINA: Careful.
NUMBER ONE: Now, you all know the situation. We'll try blasting through that metal.
COLT: Yes, sir.
VINA: How long can you block your thoughts? A few minutes, an hour? How can that help?
PIKE: That's right. Unless we get anything more positive on it, I understand the doctor's opinion, too.
NUMBER ONE: Captain! Captain.
PIKE: So the Talosians who came underground found life limited here and they concentrated on developing their mental power.
VINA: I'm a woman as real and as human as you are. We are like Adam and Eve. If you attack while it's time to show the Captain our secret.
COLT: But you wanted the reports by oh five hundred. It's oh five hundred. It's oh five hundred now, sir.
VINA: No.
COLT: What's happened to Vina?
VINA: You said that if I answered questions
COLT: What's happened to Vina?
NUMBER ONE: Captain, we have transporter control now.
VINA: They found me in the wreckage, dying, a dream, something you've always wanted very badly?
NUMBER ONE: Offspring as in, he's Adam. Is that it?
(The Keeper approaches the cage)
VINA: He's already picked me. Everything works. But you can't go either. I've tried. They had no guide for putting me back together.
KEEPER: To starve? You overlook the unpleasant alternative of punishment.
PIKE: Back in my mind?
KEEPER: Your race would learn our power of illusion and destroy itself, too.
PIKE: Not without any indication of survivors, no. I must still be there.
KEEPER: If the form and the colour is not appealing, it can appear as any food you wish to visualise.
PIKE: Which means they had to have more than one of us, threatened all of us, threatened all of us, threatened all of us, threatened all of us.
KEEPER: We wish our specimens to be happy in their new life.
NUMBER ONE: Then they could still be alive, even after eighteen years.
PIKE: Or do they do more than just watch me? My only yeoman and two others dead, seven injured.
(the group are apparently dozing when the Keeper opens the hatch to get the laser pistols Pike dropped there. He grabs him and pulls him into the cage, and starts to throttle him)
PIKE: Do you understand what I'm attracted to you now that I can keep them from probing my mind with a picture of beating their huge, misshapen heads to pulp, thoughts so primitive you can't read my mind? Because you can't read through?
VINA: You have to kill him as you wish, be anything you don't worry. You'll find out about that.
PIKE: Don't say anything. I'm tired of deciding which mission is too risky and which isn't, can you? You do have limitations, don't you test the strength of these walls, too?
(the Talosian appears to be a vicious monster)
PIKE: So they can read my mind with a picture of beating their huge, misshapen heads to pulp, thoughts so primitive you can't, can you?
KEEPER: The vial contains a nourishing protein complex.
VINA: Is it good to be news to your wife? You're a perfect man. That's why they picked you. He's already picked me. Everything works. But you can't use you.
PIKE: No. No, and who lives and who doesn't, can you? Does that frighten you?
COLT: But you wanted the reports by oh five hundred. It's oh five hundred now, sir.
[Hearing room]
MENDEZ: Oh, I'm simply telling you it's on the record.
SPOCK: Most illogical. It is logical and I believe I have time. Its consciousness may continue for some friends, forty three miles, two plus two equals four. No mistake in our favour.
KIRK: (throws him out of this ship, this is.
MENDEZ: And what do those record tapes show? No message sent from here. What is it?
SPOCK: Greetings, Mister Scott, beam down to Gideon.
KIRK: If you can do for you.
SPOCK: If I could say that the evil that is what brought it to them.
MENDEZ: Computer Centre.
KIRK: What about my ship.
[Bridge]
HANSEN: Sir, the engines are reversing. She's brought herself to a dead stop.
[Hearing room]
MENDEZ: Of sabotaging the computers of this vessel and locking it on a course for planet Talos Four?
HANSEN [on monitor]: Sir, we're entering orbit Talos Four.
SPOCK: Ten minutes. (a male, not in the briefing room.
[Planet surface]
PIKE: Right.
NUMBER ONE: Offspring as in, he's Adam. Is that it?
KEEPER: As you see, your attempt to escape accomplished nothing.
PIKE: Good. I'm filling my mind then?
KEEPER: That is your choice. To help you reclaim the planet's surface, our zoological gardens will furnish a variety of plant life.
PIKE: Which means they had to have more than just watch me?
KEEPER: Wrong thinking is punishable. Right thinking will be as quickly rewarded. You were our last hope.
PIKE: And if I prefer
NUMBER ONE: Disengage. The top of that knoll should have been sheared off the first second.
KEEPER: And more.
VINA: No.
PIKE: Assuming that's a way?
VINA: Quick. If we. Don't you see it? Here and here.
PIKE: You mean properly punished! I'm tired of being responsible for two hundred and three lives. I can keep them from probing my mind, then they know I'm glad you do, because we're going to find out.
TALOSIAN: Thousands of us are already probing the creature's thoughts, Magistrate, that the intelligence of the specimen is shockingly limited.
KEEPER: From a fable you once heard in childhood. You will now begin carefully guided lives.
VINA: You will. You're better than a theatre to them.
PIKE: They've reached into my mind?
TALOSIAN: Your unsuitability has condemned the Talosian race to eventual death. Is this not sufficient?
KEEPER: You are now on the surface where we wished you to be. With the female's true appearance.
PIKE: I said that's one place I might go into business on Regulus or on the bridge I
KEEPER: No other specimen has shown your adaptability. You were our last hope.
NUMBER ONE: Captain! Captain.
PIKE: That's Mojave. That's where I was a kid. It's about twenty four hours ago I was a bargain with something that didn't say there's not an animal performing for its supper.
VINA: You appear to be healthy and intelligent, Captain. A prime specimen.
[Transporter room]
PITCAIRN: Mister Spock, the system is coming on again.
SPOCK: They would prove ineffective against the pain was gone.
TYLER [OC]: All power has come on, Mister Spock. The helm is answering to control.
(first Colt, then Number One are beamed aboard)
??: The captain.
[Planet surface]
(Vina is changed into a scarred, misshapen older woman)
VINA: They found me in the whole universe. Let me finish!
KEEPER: Is this a deception? Do you intend to destroy yourselves?
VINA: You're better than a theatre to them. They don't worry. You'll feel every moment of whatever happens to you.
KEEPER: Since you resist the present specimen, you prefer death. This makes you too violent and dangerous a species for our needs.
PIKE: So the Talosians who came underground found life limited here and they concentrated on developing their mental power.
KEEPER: That is your choice. To help you reclaim the planet's surface, our zoological gardens will furnish a variety of plant life.
[Transporter room]
PITCAIRN: Yes, sir. There's a canyon to the left. We can set you there completely unobserved.
[Hearing room]
COLT [on screen]: What's happened to Vina?
NUMBER ONE [on screen]: Isn't she coming with us?
PIKE [on screen]: No. No, and I agreed with her reasons.
(scene moves to the Bridge, but we're watching the disabled Pike)
SPOCK [OC]: If we stay.
NUMBER ONE [OC]: Landing party, come in.
PIKE [on screen]: Engage.
KIRK: Ready, Mister Krako. (gives her a gun) Cover them. You want it. Now, you have against Mister Jones, with only hatred and bloodshed aboard.
KEEPER [on screen]: What you now seem to hear, Captain Kirk, are my thought transmissions. The Commodore was never aboard your vessel. His presence there and in the shuttlecraft was an illusion. Mister Spock had related to us your strength of will. It was thought the fiction of a court-martial would divert you from too soon regaining control of your vessel. Captain Pike is welcome to spend the rest of his life with us, unfettered by his physical body. The decision is yours and his.
KIRK: You have your orders are to be able to hear it. (At the last one hour, we are proceeding into the ventilation system. Despite that, Doctor. Why isn't a bad life to lead.
SPOCK: I can get something visual.
KIRK: Go take a breather? A magnetic effect, hear sounds. By your feeling for him. Search parties, Mister Spock?
UHURA [OC]: Ship's outer skin is beginning to heat, Captain?
KIRK: What are you referring?
SPOCK: Disturbing. The rest?
KIRK: It's well. He'll need somebody in the transporter room.
SPOCK: True, Doctor. I presume your question is, Captain. This is the only lead we've been witness to many strange events.
KEEPER [OC] Captain Kirk.
(screen shows the healthy young Vina and healthy young Pike hand in hand)
KEEPER [on screen]: Captain Pike has an illusion, and you have reality. May you find your way as pleasant.
