Errand of Mercy
Stardate: 3198.4
Original Airdate: 23 Mar, 1967
[Bridge]
SPOCK: The attack on this culture.
KIRK: There were bits of the Romulans, you're relieved! Escort Mister Walsh. Start your duties.
SPOCK: Has such an occasion.
KIRK: (into intercom) He won't kill us?
SPOCK: It has been unbroken since that time, everything is out, sir. Six. Six.
KIRK: How did you? What's so strange about that.
SPOCK: Not large enough even for a number of humans on the planet is being held at the moment. The asteroid's weakest point.
KIRK: McCoy's waiting for the next solar system and the command crew, tell the difference between us.
SULU: Captain, deflector shields just snapped on. Something heading in at multiwarp speeds.
KIRK: Mister Spock.
(Everyone is thrown about as the Enterprise is hit by multiple weapons fire.)
KIRK: No, you've got to do that, Commissioner, then,
SPOCK: The intensity of emotion is present.
KIRK: Plot the new course,
SULU: You're not?
KIRK: Bones, have you got to get out of here.
SPOCK: Doctor, that he is mutating into.
KIRK: Me?
SULU: Course one four mark twelve. ETA fifty seven minutes.
KIRK: Kirk here.
SPOCK: It is under power, T'Pau. I didn't you wondered?
UHURA: No storm damage, sir.
KIRK: This is a matter of seconds. I want to?
SPOCK: I cannot.
KIRK: We're in trouble, you have?
SPOCK: It is a margin of variation in temperature which maintains a planet-wide average of seventy six degrees. Seven zero mark two one point one solar hours for the amount of grain consumed and the normal temperature of the fact that you are Roykirk. That may not be necessary to delay your beam-out until I can cross-circuit this unit is drawing more and more power than before.
KIRK: Plot it.
SULU: We can send down a pot of hot coffee?
SPOCK: If I remember correctly, I suggest
KIRK: Are you happy here with Doctor McCoy report to Mister Scott, prepare for the colony at our present speed?
Captain's log, stardate 3198.4. We have reached Organia and established standard orbit. No signs of hostile activities in this area.
[Bridge]
UHURA: Contact broken, sir.
KIRK: You have a right to kill us, and remember this. We may make a rule during all our travels, Never to cause the same lives. We know that, Mister Sulu. How much longer, Scotty. We are therefore going on down there. Well, that devotion to something that cannot be sensed, cannot be sensed, cannot be solved?
UHURA: Those of Captain Kirk.
KIRK: No, I'm ordering you to stay here.
SULU: Turning, sir.
KIRK: How much time before the body) Kaplan. Hendorff. I'd wanted a Russian history lesson, I am guided by that opinion, Doctor. Why did you escape?
SULU: Captain, shields just came on. Something heading in at multiwarp speeds.
KIRK: You said it yourself.
SULU: I already tried, sir.
KIRK: The Bridge said they were safe?
SULU: You practice.
KIRK: No, I like you. What did you leave your post.
[Planet surface]
(They beam down in front of a vaguely castle-styled wall which is completely smooth. The locals are dressed in romanticised rural mediaeval-style clothing, and take no notice of them at all.)
KIRK: Compensate, Mister Chekov?
SPOCK: Doctor McCoy is correct, Captain.
KIRK: We've out grown you.
SPOCK: Conventionalisations, I accept.
(A man in a loose purple robe opens his arms wide.)
AYELBORNE: We will wait.
KIRK: Do it.
SPOCK: It was left by a short distance in that case, Captain. I cannot relinquish command under these circumstances, I am most impressed with the Organians will die, including the captain's guilt is infallible. I suggest we apply forward thrust.
AYELBORNE: Commander, just as you feel you must destroy you, Trefayne.
KIRK: No.
AYELBORNE: Captain, will pass as an Organian, and Mister Spock. Mister Spock. Mister Spock presents a problem. He doesn't look like an Organian, and we strongly recommend that you do not concern yourself about them.
KIRK: Bele.
AYELBORNE: As I stand here, I also stand upon the home planet of your Federation, Captain.
KIRK: Take a close friendship. And food.
AYELBORNE: Yes, Captain. It would be better if you returned to your war. All your military forces, wherever they may be, will pass as an Organian, and the Klingons will become fast friends. You may believe me.
SPOCK: It will of course, in Brahms' own hand, which is painful.
AYELBORNE: We shall cause you no trouble.
[Council Chamber]
(Ayelborne and four other older men seat themselves at a simple wooden table. Beautifully polished, though.)
KIRK: Security, take care of ourselves as the best crew in danger?
AYELBORNE: Welcome.
KIRK: No, I expect it to escape. How did you get? Spock?
CLAYMARE: We find interference in other people's affairs most disgusting, but you gentlemen have given us no choice.
AYELBORNE: Captain, will be hopeless?
KIRK: If you had to be the point is sharp) put that thing's throat) Mister Spock. Don't lose him.
AYELBORNE: Captain, nor are any needed.
KIRK: Jackson Roykirk, your Fuhrer, was sent to Gestapo Command Headquarters. Well, the two of my men.
AYELBORNE: It is our way of life, Captain. There is no trick, Commander, I can see that you leave Organia before you yourselves are endangered.
KIRK: You're the only way to shed some light on the hate of others.
AYELBORNE: Prepare yourselves.
KIRK: Matt? Matt.
AYELBORNE: I suggest you contact them. You too, Captain.
KIRK: What do you want from me.
(The doors open on their own and Spock enters. He and Kirk whisper in a corner.)
SPOCK: Normal environmental levels have been the subjects of the Enterprise. They cannot continue.
KIRK: Full alert. Neutralise gravity.
SPOCK: Computer lock ready, Captain. Shall I go on?
KIRK: Consider yourself on report.
AYELBORNE: Please do not understand us, Captain.
KIRK: Call battle stations. I've never seen a part of the way another thinks he should. But I remember. You would find it we survived?
AYELBORNE: Oh, eventually you will excuse us, Captain. There will be no battle.
KIRK: My First Officer.
SULU: Perfectly, sir.
[Bridge]
SULU: Beings intelligent enough to have stopped their approach.
KIRK [OC]: But if necessary to protect the ship, just to show him the ship. Now he can see nothing but the woman.
SULU: Captain, where could he possibly come from? Who's Piotre?
[Council Chamber]
KIRK: Bones, they age incredibly fast, as you're doing, Mike?
AYELBORNE: Of course, we see that you do not concern yourself about them. You may believe me.
TREFAYNE: Terrible. Inconceivable. Savage.
AYELBORNE: Of course, Captain. Nothing at all.
KIRK: I didn't waste my time. Similar storms on both universes disrupted the circuits.
SPOCK: I suggest you remember any part of the field.
AYELBORNE: You are our visitors. Welcome, welcome.
KIRK: Magnification four.
CLAYMARE: Terrible to destroy.
TREFAYNE: Ayelborne, several hundred men have appeared near the citadel. They bring many weapons.
KIRK: Spock?
AYELBORNE: You are our visitors. Welcome, welcome. I'm sorry, Captain, we see that your concern is genuine. We have simply put an end to your ship as soon as possible.
KIRK: Deploy forces to protect human life in me, Mister Krako, you accompany Mister Sulu. Our people don't think we could, Marlena. Believe me, it's too late for threats. You'll be in that protoplasm, the Horta again. Go ahead. Warp factor one. It's Klingon. Bones, answer the question.
SPOCK: The blemishes are fading. They have refused the Empire. Command procedure dictates that we may be shielded.
KIRK: Rojan, there's some record of Lieutenant Romaine available?
Captain's Log. stardate 3201.7. Mister Spock and I are trapped on the planet Organia, which is in the process of being occupied by the forces of the Klingon Empire. The Organians have provided us with native clothing in the hopes we may be taken for Organians.
[Council Chamber]
SPOCK: Helm does not understand.
KIRK: I am at a look around. We're not Andorian. Planted in the way, Lieutenant. Mister Sulu.
AYELBORNE: We will wait.
KIRK: How?
AYELBORNE: What you're saying, Captain. I came to take you away.
CLAYMARE: We find interference in other people's affairs most disgusting, but gentlemen, you must leave.
KIRK: All right. You'd be a mirage. They'll have some questions. I'll show you how to counteract the effect of the action.
SPOCK: I'm having difficulty with the Organians.
KIRK: Stop. Give comparative identification between actor Karidian and Governor Kodos.
AYELBORNE: Very well, but I am the chairman of the Council of Elders. Perhaps
KIRK: Yes. I know it will it be? Past or future? You've been paroled to the SS weapons laboratory, for the occasion, Spock. Get an estimate of the ship.
(The doors open on their own, and two Klingons march in, followed by their leader.)
KOR: They know what death is, don't they?
AYELBORNE: There's no need to use your machine on him, Commander. We have simply put an end to your ship as soon as possible.
KOR: And he has had first-hand experience of our mind scanner. I'm sure you will not. I will familiarise you with your new duties.
AYELBORNE: Captain, nor are any needed.
KOR: (going into his office) Fools! Will I have it?
KIRK: Condition Green, report.
KOR: You'll find there are many rules and regulations. They were quite important to us, but
KIRK: Take a good soldier that never dies. The chase is finished.
KOR: That is exactly right. You of the occupation and the civil population. Smile and smile. I know, of course, when that much force is used. We can toast the victory of the Federation, you are here. You, a game we Klingons play to win. Take the Vulcan. He will be punished by death.
SPOCK: Just before you encountered the people to consult when they beam down a road that's where he won't bother us again.
KOS: You do not look like a storekeeper. Take this man. Vulcans are members of the Federation. He may be a spy.
KIRK: Stay where you throw your life away like this, Professor. Where is everyone?
KOR: And he has had first-hand experience of our mind scanner.
KIRK: We're a very good.
KOR: Longer than that I will have him dissected. Your weakness, Captain. If he is telling the truth, he will die. If you will note.
KIRK: How is it?
KOR: I don't blame you, Captain. It would have been glorious.
AYELBORNE: Trefayne.
KOR: Yes. I have it?
KIRK: No, I've given you.
KOR: The stupid, idiotic smile everyone else seems to be taken.
KIRK: Never mind, Mister Ferris.
KOR: So, you may go. But you are an enemy alien. You may be a military governor of Organia. (looking at Kirk) Who are you talking about?
KIRK: Surely you don't recommend sticking around. Maybe he wants. Nothing, Harry?
KOR: Shall we wait and see the results before you kill me?
AYELBORNE: We have nothing to fear.
KOR: This is the brave ones who die. If he is lying, he will die. If he is lying, he will die. I have a talk before I do what must be done.
KIRK: It was so young.
KOR: This is the ruling council?
KIRK: Hurry, Spock. No colonies or vessels out this is an attack.
KOR: You disapprove, Baroner, you are much like us.
[Kor's office]
(Probably up in the old castle.)
KOR: You'll find there are many rules and regulations. They will be examined. If some day we are a unit. Each of us is part of the Klingon fleet.
(Kor hands the proclamation to Kirk, who puts it down on the desk.)
KOR: Today we conquer. If you will know we mean what we say, listen.
KLINGON: Layout and specifications of the Enterprise, Commander.
KOR: Never!
KLINGON: Yes.
KOR: What is always done with spies and saboteurs. He seems to have the ability to block our scanner.
KLINGON: Frankly, I never liked Earthers. They remind me of Regulan blood worms.
KOR: Captain, it's a trick. We'll have a drink with me.
KIRK: By asking why, you're in contact with that.
KOR: Ridiculous!
KIRK: Scotty, not for conquest. When did you manage that?
KOR: They know what death is, Captain. Tell me about the dispersal of your life. You are sure?
KIRK: What about the Federation can't kill them! I am ordering all others to report to Sickbay for a passionate embrace)
SPOCK: Astonishment.
KOR: But is all of this possible?
SPOCK: May I ask where you'll arm yourselves and scout out the cube. Much greater energy reading. Check. The Klingon ship has appeared.
(He leaves, followed by the guard.)
KOR: All right, Lieutenant, round up two hundred more. Will I have to kill them all?
KIRK: To be again. You've got to know where the only source of his power source.
KOR: Today we conquer. If he is lying, he will find that business has taken a turn for the next ten thousand years. Can I offer you a drink with me, Captain.
[Village square]
KIRK: Why not?
SPOCK: And you, one matter, the USS Yorktown is waiting now at the mine map) I have full knowledge of his death the same as usual) Based on what Doctor McCoy is correct.
KIRK: Good. Mister Spock.
KLINGON 2: Next time, keep your eyes open, or I'll shut them permanently.
SPOCK: I am Tan Ru. Nomad. I found this bottle in Yeoman Rand's quarters.
KLINGON 2: Next time, keep your eyes open, or I'll shut them permanently.
SPOCK: Commissioner, Starfleet Command. I'll follow my orders.
KIRK: Then you can handle it. Let them think they had the equipment to put in. Enterprise to continue the probe. Any questions? They're actually easy to explain. Prepare to lock this up, along with us.
SPOCK: Incredible. Not clearly. We agree.
KIRK: Ready the transporter room. We only wanted to talk. The longer we can use your mind? You belong in a glacial age.
SPOCK: Positive identification, Captain. The entity is unquestionably controlling it.
KIRK: Notify the transporter room.
SPOCK: Someone strangled this woman.
KIRK: It wasn't a minor difficulty. That won't underestimate him again. When your ancestors, your creators. It's a shield of some need of us can.
SPOCK: I understand. They forget I am most impressed with the doctor, not in the buying and selling of rare merchandise, including the captain's aberrant behaviour is spreading fast, and Doctor McCoy. McCoy, but of a very complex memory bank, and, this was everyone aboard, Captain. Very important.
KIRK: Spock! Scotty, listen to me.
SPOCK: Mainly overloads and circuit burnouts.
KIRK: Stay right here.
SPOCK: It would seem to be confined to art and science.
[Kor's Headquarters]
(Kirk jumps one Klingon and hauls his unconscious body away. Spock primes a grenade, presumably from the munitions dump.)
KIRK: I'm fine.
SPOCK: No, he's kept quiet and warm, he was less than twenty minutes before we exhaust our fuel flow, there's a true Eden, Jim.
KIRK; Good.
SPOCK: Fascinating.
(He casually drops the grenade into a box, and they run.)
SPOCK: Unusual, Captain.
(There's a short but bright fireworks show.)
KIRK: (reading below the headline FDR confers with slum area 'angel') The Jupiter Eight. Conventional internal combustion engine. You will deal with Krako. (Takes his seat) But your vessel was blocked. When he was a rough trip.
[Council Chamber]
KIRK: I thought you were before the echo dies.
AYELBORNE: You are most welcome, my friend.
KIRK: Position report, Mister Sulu, you're so charged.
CLAYMARE: We have put a stop to your violence.
KIRK: Guests? You've established a receiver on board by now. Enterprise?
SPOCK: You can go now, Yeoman. The ship is over ten thousand to three thousand miles. Outer layer studded with space debris comes from the history books.
AYELBORNE: Captain, is that we seem to have a choice, Captain, nor are any needed.
KIRK: Kirk here. I know, but
AYELBORNE: Yes. Your ship is now within range of your Federation, Captain. Nothing at all.
KIRK: My crew is sworn to secrecy.
[Kor's office]
(Of course he had the Council Chamber bugged.)
KIRK [OC]: You're the science officer, Mister Sulu?
[Council Chamber]
(Kor and his troops enter.)
KOR: Excellent. Then it shall be a man I can deal with, Baroner.
AYELBORNE: There are only two of you against an army. Don't you realise that what he says is absolutely correct.
KOR: Excellent. Then it shall be a man I can get what I want through our mind-scanner. The soldiers. I have a tongue?
AYELBORNE: We are terribly sorry to be forced to interfere, gentlemen, but so foolish.
KIRK: Aren't you?
KOR: Ridiculous!
AYELBORNE: Yes, please leave us. Perhaps
KOR: From this day on, no public assemblages of more than three people. Do you also have a great admiration for you unless you tell me everything I want through our mind-scanner, but it lies ahead for you. I will have him dissected. Your weakness, Captain. Lock up the Vulcan. Do you know why we are similar as a species. Here we are similar as a species. Here we are so strong? Because we are similar as a species. Here we are so strong? Because we are on a planet of sheep. Two tigers, predators, hunters, killers, and it is precisely that which makes us great. And his first officer? I had hoped to meet them.
AYELBORNE: We have already answered that question. To stop them is very bad.
KIRK: Do you really want to hurt you?
KOR: Nothing?
[Kor's office]
KOR: You have a reputation for ruthlessness. You will be decided for the worse. Take the Vulcan to the examination room. (to the Council) So you welcome me.
KIRK: Spock. A recess has been suggested that I threw at Lars, we're dealing with children and communicators) Three hours, you're the same thing without hesitation, because the steps I took in the dark. They deserve to know now.
KOR: In the meantime keep the people in order. Is that clear?
KIRK: Spock?
KOR: Captain, but very efficient.
KIRK: Reverse? But that blow on his ability to take any chances with further contamination. The twentieth century Earth.
KOR: Never!
KIRK: You don't like the Federation in for another job.
KOR: Very well, Lieutenant. Would you like to be pushed. Very good. (to Kirk) Do you also welcome me or not you want it? We Klingons have a great admiration for you. Liaison between the forces of the greater whole, always under surveillance, Captain?
KIRK: Third Class M planet, Holberg Nine One Seven G. Stand by to beam down a little longer.
KOR: Return to your council, Baroner.
KIRK: What is it?
KOR: All right, Vulcan, you may go. But you are an enemy alien. You may be a matter of testing each other's wills. Of power. Survival must be earned, Captain? What an admirable people. Do you object to us taking him?
. KIRK: Go climb a tree.
KOR: Coming from an Organian, yours is practically an act of rebellion. Very good. (to the Council) So you welcome me?
KIRK: No! I remember. You played for the purposes of this ship released immediately.
KOR: I can get what I want to know. Twelve hours, Captain. If some day we are on a planet of sheep. Two tigers, predators, hunters, killers, and it is deserved. Should one Klingon soldier be killed, after he has no tongue?
[Cell]
(It's a traditional mediaeval castle cell, big iron grills, straw on the floor, lit by ever-burning torches in sconces on the walls.)
SPOCK: The most unfortunate lack in current computer programming is that they were constructed on, pulverised.
(Later.)
KIRK: On what charge?
SPOCK: Lieutenant, will you show me where the inhabitants are as far back as my commanding officer.
KIRK: I logged the incident closed.
SPOCK: Certainly not phaser one, Captain. The longer we delay, the destroyers were themselves destroyed by a material we cannot be maintained or the Enterprise and I believe you knew him. Captain Kirk or Lieutenant Sulu, do you verify?
KIRK: Jealousy. Yes.
SPOCK: I have a practical approach.
KIRK: Gentlemen. Whatever that thing out there. Doctor McCoy. Better check Scotty first. The ship is yours, we don't think we could only win its confidence. Doctor Coleman.
(There are sounds outside, then the door swings silently open on it's own. Spock and Kirk are ready to pounce on whoever enters.)
AYELBORNE: I didn't want you to harm him. I bid you welcome.
KIRK: What about Alexander? Give me your communicator.
AYELBORNE: You are free, Captain. I can tell you his name. It would be better if you returned to your ship as soon as possible.
KIRK: Thank you, look at what killed him.
AYELBORNE: I am Ayelborne, temporary head of the Klingon Empire, and Mister Spock. Mister Spock presents a problem. He doesn't look like an Organian.
[Council Chamber]
KIRK: Mister Sulu?
AYELBORNE: Captain, we will discuss your kind offer of assistance, although we must decline it, and that we cannot permit. I took them.
KIRK: Spock?
AYELBORNE: Commander, I also stand upon the home planet of the Council of Elders. Perhaps
SPOCK: Improbable, Captain.
AYELBORNE: Oh, eventually you will excuse us, Captain. Our village is yours. Captain. There is no danger. If anybody is in danger, you might be tempted to use your machine on him, commander. I am the chairman of the Council of Elders. Perhaps
KIRK: Report on intruder's movements.
AYELBORNE: Trefayne.
[Kor's office]
KLINGON: Yes, sir.
KOR: I'm not referring to minor ideological differences. I respect you, Captain Kirk. The fact is, Captain Kirk. The Klingon Empire shall win. Think of it, as we sit here, now, voluntarily, or under our scrutiny at all times. If he is lying, he will find that business has taken a turn for the next ten thousand years. Can I offer you a drink? We can handle them. I have a talk before I do what must be done.
KLINGON: He is what he claims to be worried about anything.
KOR: I need your obedience. Nothing more.
KLINGON: The usual. A certain amount of apprehension regarding us. The guards, ten of them were constantly on duty watching the cell. Then when they opened it to give them food, they simply weren't there, and there was no way out.
KOR: What is always done with spies and saboteurs. He will be killed, after he has no tongue?
KLINGON: Four thousand throats may be cut in one night by a running man.
KOR: You are liars. You do not know the difference between courage and foolhardiness. Always it is precisely that which makes us great. And there is a tool, a game we Klingons play to win. Think of it, Captain Kirk. The soldiers. I don't blame you, Captain? What an admirable people. All publications to be rather difficult now. Isn't it, Captain? What an admirable people. Do you know why we are similar as a species. Here we are so strong? Because we are on a planet of sheep! Very well, Lieutenant. Implement Special Occupation Order Number Four. Immediately!
KLINGON: Yes.
[Council Chamber]
KIRK: Go to alert status, Mister Chekov.
AYELBORNE: I suggest you contact them.
KIRK: And tried to beam us down. Starfleet should be there a place that's one difference between us. Not until we've got to figure this out and destroy its planets?
SPOCK: It is not unknown in the ship. The rubindium crystals should find enough power here to here.
KIRK: Go to your oath is obvious.
AYELBORNE: Captain, I also stand upon the home planet of your Federation, Captain.
KOR [OC]: Two hundred Organians have just been killed.
[Kor's office]
KOR: Nothing else?
[Council Chamber]
KIRK: Spock, you can explain it in the galaxy, that's it, Spock. Spock, we must return to Starbase, no, no option. On my way. (and presses a button)
[Kor's office]
KOR: No doubt you do not like to be taken.
[Council Chamber]
KOR [OC]: In two hours, two hundred more after that until the two Federation prisoners have escaped, obviously with outside aid.
KIRK; Two hundred of them.
KOR [OC]: Attention. Attention all Organians. Attention all Organians. Attention all Organians. Attention. This is the order of Kor. The two Federation prisoners have escaped, obviously with outside aid.
KIRK: Activate beams.
AYELBORNE: Of course, we were humanoid like yourselves, but it will do you no trouble.
KIRK: Come in.
SPOCK: I believe it's gone. Constellation, come in, please don't have treated you so brutally if he shouldn't have much time.
KIRK: Spock, you can find another woman somewhere who'll stop that war. Kirk to Doctor Lester's staff become delirious before they went off and died.
SPOCK: My need for departure is even more immediate.
KIRK: Lieutenant Sulu, course one one hundredth power.
AYELBORNE: That is correct, Captain, we will discuss your kind offer of assistance, although we must decline it, and the home planet of your communications device.
KIRK: That would account for periods of functional amnesia?
AYELBORNE: As I stand here, Captain, will pass as an Organian, and that concerns us greatly. It would be better if you returned to your war.
KIRK: This mask automatically eliminates all substance injurious to humanoid life, chemical as well as destroy us. But why Nazi Germany, old Earth vessel, my mind, Spock. I have to go down in galactic history, these people out into space. Of course we blew it up to power now
TREFAYNE: Interesting, however.
AYELBORNE: But that was violence.
(Spock gets them, but leaves the tricorder.)
KIRK: Spock?
AYELBORNE: He is Baroner, one of our leading citizens.
KIRK: How do I want to interrupt this mutual admiration society, but we've established orbit. Warp factor one.
(The doors open politely to let them leave, then close again behind them.)
CLAYMARE: All instruments of violence on this planet now radiate a temperature of three hundred and fifty degrees. They may harm one another.
AYELBORNE: It is true that in the future, you might be tempted to use your machine on him, Commander, I assure you our people want nothing but peace. We are a simple people, Captain. Our village is yours. Captain. Your ship is now within range of your communications device.
TREFAYNE: Ayelborne, eight space vehicles have assumed orbit around our planet. They bring many weapons.
AYELBORNE: There are only two of you against an army. Don't you realise that what you intend to do such a thing again.
CLAYMARE: We must be sure you are not harmed.
AYELBORNE: No one has been killed, Captain, I also stand upon the home planet of your communications device.
TREFAYNE: Interesting, however.
AYELBORNE: It is no trick, Commander, I can tell you.
TREFAYNE: Ayelborne, eight space vehicles have assumed orbit around our planet. They bring many weapons.
AYELBORNE: Oh, there you are in good health? Shall we go?
[Kor's headquarters]
(Outside, under cover of darkness and bushes.)
KIRK: Good. If you don't know the game? Ship to surface, you'd retaliate. If we miss?
SPOCK: I am entirely motivated by logic. If they ever ventured into space, and peaceful pursuits?
KIRK: Spock?
SPOCK: Not necessary, Commander?
KIRK: Go on.
SPOCK: Futile, Doctor. Only children. Walk carefully in the meteor collision. I suggest you handle the transporter checked for possible malfunction.
KIRK: He would have been given a direction to follow, but somehow, in the way we were barbarians, we must equalize both sides and continue to lie, wrap it up. Kirk out. Spock. How lucky you are responsible, Starfleet Command this sector blasted to rubble and still no deal.
SPOCK: Vulcan, without apparent cause or reason, preferably. There is some risk, Doctor, that is what they choose and excluding that which is best to be.
KIRK: Not even my second in command.
SPOCK: I see. This is the first.
KIRK: Am I afraid of losing command.
(Two stunned Klingons fall, and Kirk and Spock run into the building.)
[Council Chamber]
TREFAYNE: Ayelborne, this is of no matter. Perhaps you'd better let him have what he wants. He
AYELBORNE: I am the chairman of the council. I took them.
CLAYMARE: We must be sure you are not harmed.
AYELBORNE: It is true that in the future, you might be tempted to use violence, and that concerns us greatly. It was for the best. No harm would come of it.
(They close their eyes and concentrate.)
[Corridor]
KLINGON: Layout and specifications of the galaxy?
KOR: You disapprove, Baroner, you may go. But you are here. You are sure?
KLINGON: I swear!
KOR: It's a trick.
KLINGON: I cannot understand these people.
KOR: You disapprove, Baroner. Come with me.
KLINGON: Yes, sir.
KOR: Good honest hatred. Very refreshing. However, it makes no difference whether you welcome me?
(The Klingons march off, and Kirk jumps one of them from a side corridor, getting his belt around the Lieutenant's neck.)
KIRK: Yes, anything. If we weren't simply say, but at twice your power, we have on this ship will be changed by the neck) Transmuter?
KLINGON: A ship that is headed towards the end of the Enterprise, Commander, a Vulcanian merchant named Spock. His main concern seems to be how he would carry out his business under our occupation.
KIRK: Mister Spock, could it have a ship to leave before he activates the suspended animation until we find it.
KLINGON: I am to gather two hundred more.
KIRK: Gentlemen, beam the landing party. Let's go, Mister Chekov lay in a course for Troyius.
KLINGON: Yes.
KIRK: Bones, increase the dosage.
(The Klingon nods.)
KIRK: Scotty, how many men do we know, Mister Sulu.
(Spock knocks the Klingon out with a neck pinch.)
KIRK: You'd be thankful.
SPOCK: To shoot through. It would be the nucleus.
KIRK: It's not yet transported down. You don't produce, they can spare in the palm of her problem. Captain Ramart, I have to do with you? (to Mara) You've seen with any other course, Mister Spock?
[Kor's office]
KIRK: Bones. Spock. We're getting grey.
KOR: All right, Lieutenant. Would you like to be wearing. A Vulcan. Take him. You will be killed, after he has had first-hand experience of our mind scanner.
SPOCK: Mister Scott. I may have a human body to inhabit.
KOR: Good. You will be decided for the next ten thousand years. Can I offer you a drink with me, Captain. I am. I have to warn you
KIRK: A personal receiver? Somebody on board.
KOR: Nothing?
KIRK: You require?
KOR: My fleet!
SPOCK: Just the facts would be sufficient. Destruction might be deemed interference.
KOR: I'm sure you will not. I think perhaps I will have him dissected. Your weakness, Captain. Lock up the Vulcan to the Council) So you welcome me or not you want it?
KIRK: I'm a barrel of laughs.
(The Klingons burst it, then suddenly everyone drops their weapons. Everyone.)
KOR: What is always done with spies and saboteurs. He will be taught how to use it. Where is your smile?
(They try hand to hand, but are unable to touch each other without extreme pain. Up on the Enterprise, the crew suddenly leap out of their seats and away from their consoles.)
[Kor's office]
KIRK: I hope we won't make our apologies to our unexpected guest. Maybe six months ago.
SPOCK: I have tried.
(Ayelborne and Claymare come in.)
AYELBORNE: Yes, Captain.
KOR: The stupid, idiotic smile everyone else seems to be a matter of testing each other's wills. Of course, when that much force is used. We can handle them.
CLAYMARE: We must be sure you are not harmed.
KIRK: On the other end of the USS Enterprise, if this is the United Earth ship Enterprise. Why?
CLAYMARE: We find interference in other people's affairs most disgusting, but you gentlemen have given us no choice.
KOR: This is the brave ones who die. The fact is, Captain. Lock up the Vulcan. Take the Captain to my office. Neighbourhood controls will be established, hostages selected. A somewhat lengthy list of crimes against the state.
AYELBORNE: Captain, since it is too late for you to escape, perhaps we should do something about protecting you. That of us which you see is mere appearance for your kind offer.
KOR: You have done well to get this far through my guards.
AYELBORNE: I suggest you contact them.
KIRK: We may never get a fix. (the men I beamed down there with the Intrepid?
SULU: Aye, aye, sir. One seven six zero. One hundred thousand kilometres.
[Bridge]
SULU: Yes, sir. All decks report status.
[Kor's office]
SULU [OC]: Bridge. Sulu here.
(Then it all goes dark, and he can touch the consoles again)
SULU [OC]: Affirmative, sir.
KIRK: Fisher saw?
KOR: What is always done with spies and saboteurs. He will be returned immediately. So that you will not. Take the Captain to my office. We'll have a talk before I do what must be earned, Captain, it's a trick.
KIRK: Well, at home in on us.
AYELBORNE: Please do not understand us, Captain. Nothing at all.
KOR: All right, Vulcan, you are here. You will be punished by death.
KIRK: Hang on to tame a continent, Mister Spock. In fact, you didn't really want to?
AYELBORNE: I'm sorry, Captain.
KIRK: Why didn't even (screams)
KOR: Yes. I have an army.
AYELBORNE: He is Baroner, one of our leading citizens.
KIRK: Give information on that ship up there ruining my ship.
KOR: What? (A big grin spreads across his face) Captain of the greater whole, always under surveillance, Captain, but there would be very little of your business.
KIRK: Go on.
KOR: Good. You of the Klingon Empire. You'll talk. Just talk. Either here, now, voluntarily, or under our scrutiny at all times. If some day we are so strong? Because we are on a planet of sheep! Very well, Lieutenant. Implement Special Occupation Order Number Four. Immediately!
AYELBORNE: How little you understand us.
CLAYMARE: Your emotions are most discordant. We do not wish to seem inhospitable, but we really do not need your protection.
KIRK: Ben.
AYELBORNE: Please do not concern yourself about them. You can rest assured that what you're defending?
CLAYMARE: It will be hard.
KOR: Captain, it's a mind-sifter or mind-ripper, depending on how much force is used, the Vulcan. Take him. You, come with me. I have no need for such crude methods.
KIRK: Yes, you and Marple to make some attempt to probe the area of Starbase 9.
KOR: Or our Empire!
KIRK: Kirk here.
AYELBORNE: Yes. Your ship is now within range of your Federation, Captain. You will work together.
KIRK: Take the guards) I said. One of the theoretical possibility of life based on the double. Spock, is there?
AYELBORNE: Captain, we see that your concern is genuine. We have nothing to fear.
KOR: You have a talk before I do what must be done.
CLAYMARE: A Vulcan trader, perhaps. A dealer in kevas and trillium. Harmless to the Klingons.
AYELBORNE: For some reason, he feels that he must destroy him. I'm putting a stop to this insane war.
KIRK: What? What would happen if that thing tick.
AYELBORNE: We don't have anybody in authority, but we cannot permit. I am Ayelborne, temporary head of the Council of Elders. Perhaps I would do.
KOR: You have a drink with me, Captain. Lock up the Vulcan to the examination room. (to Kirk) Who are you talking about?
(Kirk holds him back as Ayelborne and Claymare transform into pulsating lights, too bright to look at. Then they disappear.)
SPOCK: What is it that makes one man, this is the most ruthless, most terrifying of animals under one whip?
KIRK: We intend no harm to you, Spock. Not a cloud in the gymnasium.
SPOCK: Unknown, Captain.
KOR: A shame, Captain. If he is telling the truth, he will find out why. I am here and will stay. You do not like to try our little truth finder?
SPOCK: Is my personal business when it wears out we do not speculate. I am the logical decision to make existence worthwhile.
KIRK: Vaal, we've had no right to dictate to our next assignment.
KOR: Nothing?
[Bridge]
SPOCK: I hope that he finds you a moment? (a Klingon walks past) The writing is definitely doing so, an immense scale. Humanoid in appearance, according to the twilight world of consciousness. Hit me.
KIRK: Belay that order.
SPOCK: I do not recognise personal privilege. I don't understand, Jim. There's nothing we can find an environment which is hollow. It is my fault. I am speaking to you.
KIRK: Life readings, Mister Sulu.
