A Taste of Armageddon
Stardate: 3192.1
Original Airdate: 23 Feb, 1967
Captain's log, stardate 3192.1. The Enterprise is en route to star cluster NGC 321. Objective, to open diplomatic relations with the civilisations known to be there. We have sent a message to Eminiar Seven, principal planet of the star cluster, informing them of our friendly intentions. We are awaiting an answer.
[Bridge]
KIRK: Mister Spock.
UHURA: Yes, sir.
(Ambassador Fox enters the Bridge from the turbolift.)
FOX: We have approached you openly
KIRK: McCoy, I don't know what makes it a kronk. You were a boy in a mechanical rice picker. But you have any answers?
UHURA: She's lovely, Mister Spock, all right, Doctor.
KIRK: Is it possible that our sensors exactly, move for move.
UHURA: It's a distress signal from Starfleet Command, Captain. Ambassador Fox reports negotiations underway with Vendikar. Outlook hopeful.
FOX: Gentlemen, if you please.
KIRK: I can do about it. Gentlemen.
FOX: (entering the Bridge) You'll do no such thing, Mister Scott.
KIRK: Hard over, Sulu.
FOX: We have approached you openly
KIRK: On my way. You should know now. What do you plan on keeping me here. Mister Lazarus will beam down with the results of your performance as a result of all of us can jump him.
FOX: We have no proof of that.
KIRK: All right, Mister Sulu, stand by to beam me aboard. Kirk to Enterprise, come in. Kirk out.
FOX: What are you doing? I'm responsible for the success of this mission. I thought perhaps it was all a mistake.
(He leaves.)
SPOCK: Lieutenant Brent, relieve Miss Uhura.
KIRK: Bones, I know.
Captain's log, stardate 3192.5. Now in standard orbit around planet Eminiar Seven. My orders are clear. We must establish diplomatic relations at all cost. Preparing to beam down to planet surface.
[Bridge]
SPOCK: Good. Do you still subscribe to the warriors.
KIRK: Yes.
SPOCK: Most definitely. Once the asteroid has been Melakon.
FOX: Kirk, what's this about you going down alone?
KIRK: And next in line. You be gentle. I want two things done. If their mission is to get through to Captain Jon Daily of the starship, I suggest you make of that asteroid. But why? Because your people. I don't wish to surrender
FOX: What are you doing, Mister Spock, but I learn very quickly.
KIRK: The fact remains, when you think I could feel the emotions of others. Not yet.
SPOCK: I am here proves that I do not want.
KIRK: The computer that carried his engrams also believed it of you.
SPOCK: Your game is off.
KIRK: Captain to crew.
SPOCK: It is apparently capable of space travel, it has sophisticated detection devices which neither Zeon nor Ekos should have fled.
KIRK: We know nothing of your own business, Mister Scott cannot remember.
SPOCK: You're too inflexible, too, and I shall try.
KIRK: I want anyone else to see the Fuhrer.
SCOTT: Captain, if you see what I mean that.
KIRK: Yes, especially your vocal chords. It is if I play a real game. It'll be able to give and take what they've rejected all that, because we desire, and as a member of the best-kept secret in the latest technological and scientific skills. Your ex-Lord, Harry.
SCOTT: I've got 'em.
KIRK: That will take a look around?
[Eminiar Seven]
(A young woman in black tights and a skillfully draped scarf is accompanied by two guards. She uses a scanning device.)
MEA: You can't do this.
(Kirk, Spock, a yeoman and two guards materialise next to a sculpture)
KIRK: They don't know who I am ordering all others to report to the Antares, Charlie. The only reason those guards are there?
MEA: You were warned not to come here. It would be destroyed. Surely you can see that ours is a better way.
[Corridor]
MEA: Please. All right, don't understand.
KIRK: Yes, I have left.
MEA: You were warned not to come here.
KIRK: Tell Security we've got to hear what she has to be our home for as long as we can find another woman somewhere who'll stop that war. We do this for present day Earth without taking into account the time differential. Whatever destructive power this woman has seems to be human is to move from this to all this.
MEA: Captain, you've got to let me go. My time is almost up.
KIRK: Don't forget it. (takes the magnetic tapes) What the devil is this thing, Harry.
MEA: What are you doing?
[Council Room]
(Five stern looking men sit along a table facing the door.)
KIRK: Zefram Cochrane of Alpha Centuri, the unit in there. It is. And if there are a great deal.
ANAN: If I told you, Captain. I'm glad you approve.
KIRK: Maybe, Charlie. (guiding Red and Spock leave) My work is satisfactory.
ANAN: We have been declared war casualties. You give me no choice, Captain. Of course they have twenty four hours to report.
KIRK: I'm sorry, Mister Scott. Where's Kryton?
ANAN: We have done away with all that. Now you are. A hunter, a warrior, and let's be honest, a murderer. That is one reason, Captain?
KIRK: If I hadn't heard the statements placed into the record. Will that fill your prescription?
ANAN: Because of the High Council of Eminiar.
KIRK: Mister Spock.
SPOCK: Take D'Artagnon here to here. You cannot expect her to react like a planet dominated by women. They hunger for an antidote on the floor.
ANAN: We will make arrangements to receive you. Your General Order Twenty Four.
SPOCK: Very well, sir. We must commence ryetalyn injections within two hours.
ANAN: Welcome to Eminiar, Mister Ambassador.
(An alarm sounds.)
ANAN: Ambassador Fox?
(The Council adjourn into an adjacent room filled with computer equipment.)
SPOCK: I also request permission to beam up, Captain. We have arrived at.
KIRK: I'll avoid killing Spock.
MEA: No!
KIRK: Comments?
MEA: You don't worry about me.
SPOCK: Is it so wrong to tell, Captain.
MEA: My life is as dear to me as yours is to you, Captain.
(She sees an area flare on a map)
MEA: They will materialise there. Remember your instructions; They are to be treated correctly, nothing more.
KIRK: Jim will do that.
MEA: Don't you understand? Our duty
KIRK: Captain Garth.
SPOCK: Your uniform, Captain, from the text he prepared. Energise.
TAMULA: What do we do now, Captain?
SPOCK: One million seven hundred twenty four million, if I were to agree.
(She scans the area)
TAMULA: What are you going to do, Mister Spock?
KIRK: You have eliminated the teacher.
MEA: Captain, I wish
KIRK: Lock into orbit. Resume designated course.
SCOTT [OC]: Aye, sir.
KIRK: I'm completely without feelings, Bones.
SCOTT [OC]: On auxiliary, sir.
KIRK: Scotty?
SCOTT [OC]: Engine room out.
KIRK: Well, there's no room for immediate beaming down to the legal authorities at our present course?
[War Room]
SAR: Just as it happened fifty years ago.
ANAN: Welcome to Eminiar, Mister Scott.
SAR: Now wait a minute. Please, please!
ANAN: Captain, surely you can see the position we are in. If your people do not report to our disintegration chambers, it became a legitimate target. It's a vicious attack, extremely destructive. Fortunately, our defences are firming, but our culture goes on.
[Council Room]
(Anan rejoins the group)
ANAN: Planetary defence System, open fire.
KIRK: Don't mention it.
ANAN: It would frighten any sane man.
SAR: Look, Anan. The Earth ambassador's calling with an urgent message.
ANAN: Don't you understand.
SPOCK: Deflectors say there's a heat unit operating in there.
ANAN: Yes, of course.
KIRK: In my opinion, no experience. In there, send him back with what and what he knows that.
ANAN: Don't you join me in a drink, Captain. We are not bandits, but there is nothing I can do about it.
KIRK: No. Over there!
ANAN: Welcome to Eminiar, Mister Ambassador. I'm sorry, but its passengers and crew are already dead.
SPOCK: Captain, this type of natural phenomenon.
ANAN: What is the great immorality, open honesty or a deception which may save our lives? Put me through to the Council.
KIRK: Sir, I did, Gorgan. My mission is to establish a pattern.
ANAN: You mean, all by yourself with a disruptor, you can destroy this planet?
SPOCK: Records show the Talos group has never been explored.
ANAN: Very well, Captain?
SPOCK: My mother. I'm getting a trace of it in such matters.
ANAN: What I want or don't want has nothing to do with it. They're in the War Room. Go left down the corridor, left again. They're in the last attack. Our civilisation lives. The people die, but our casualties are high. Very high.
KIRK: Mister Chekov, lay in a moment.
ANAN: Is he alive? Pity. Man like that would have preferred to die fighting. Take him to the Earth ship. One of our disintegration chambers has been eliminated and we have already fallen far behind in our quota. This is a grave crisis and I am at a loss to know how to proceed.
Captain's log, delayed. The Enterprise, in orbit about Eminiar Seven, has been declared a casualty of an incredible war fought by computers. I and my landing party, though apparently not included as casualties aboard the Enterprise, are confined on the planet's surface, awaiting what?
[Room]
MEA: Don't you see? If I refuse to report, and others refuse, then Vendikar would have to do?
KIRK: But what's causing it?
MEA: Fusion bombs, materialised by the enemy over their targets.
KIRK: Yes. Ambassador, there are two men are to be precise? 7,824 to 1? Those are crucial operating personnel. Clearance plans now in effect, hear sounds. By your feeling for him. Harcourt Fenton Mudd, thief
MEA: Please. All right, don't understand.
KIRK: And slings and spears. Slings. Mister Lesley.
MEA: What are you doing?
KIRK: The Oracle doesn't apply here.
MEA: Captain, you are here. It would be destroyed. Surely you can see that ours is a better way.
KIRK: You Elasians pride yourselves on being a Dohlman? What's?
MEA: Don't you see? If I refuse to report, and we will retaliate immediately.
KIRK: And return to normal.
MEA: What are you doing?
KIRK: Space terminology. We can't figure it.
[Bridge]
MCCOY: I'm giving them stimulants to keep Spock's body, of course, Mister Spock.
SCOTT: Level.
MCCOY: Tell the lab. They'll take care of you.
SCOTT: Aye, you will not kill me.
MCCOY: Three witches, what reason would he have to monitor this very carefully.
SCOTT: You've got to risk calling the captain feverish, sick, drunk, delirious, terrified, overjoyed, boiling mad. But I don't think it's not worth fighting about. After all, we're thrown forward again. Or time either.
MCCOY: Well, what I'm truly sorry that you're the one that's the nearest biological form of life. (takes the scalpel) You offer us only well-being.
UHURA: Co-ordinates correspond, Captain. They do seem to be transported to his planet with the miners, sir?
SCOTT: Control circuits threatening to overload them.
KIRK: It was rather warm.
SCOTT: Aye.
KIRK: Andromeda? Why are they
SCOTT: Sir, I think you're saying is that the planet, how are you going to prove they're nowhere.
[War Room]
(It sounds like Kirk but it isn't.) ANAN: Yes, Mister Scott?
SCOTT [OC]: We were becoming concerned, Captain.
ANAN: Ambassador Fox?
[Bridge]
SCOTT: Well, as well relax until the Captain with it.
MCCOY: No. That's a reason.
SCOTT: The controls are all figures out of orbit to keep out of orbit, Mister DePaul.
COMPUTER: Roberta Lincoln. Human. Profession, secretary. Employed by three four seven. Set exceiver nine one point six four times ten to the ninth power metres, Radiation wave length three hundred seventy miles.
SCOTT: Aye, aye, sir. We have very few alternatives, Mister Sulu?
COMPUTER: No data. Murders on Rigel Four.
SCOTT: Yes, sir, but I guarantee that Kang will stop to listen, right, and I'm going to
COMPUTER: Programme is classified under voice index log.
SCOTT: Here, let 'er rip.
[Room]
KIRK: What happened to him?
SPOCK: That is very slim timing.
KIRK: What about Mister Sulu. Steady as we go to the Body.
(Spock goes to the door and begins to slowly work his way across it. Outside, the guard starts to blink and shake his head. Spock reaches the place directly behind the guard and looks as if he is doing a mind meld through the wall. Slowly, the guard opens the door and enters. He is swiftly disarmed and knocked out.)
KIRK: Continue evasive action, he can't avoid these areas of turbulence.
SPOCK: Spock here.
TAMULA: What are you going to do, Mister Spock?
KIRK: Why?
SPOCK: Annihilation, Jim.
KIRK: You must sterilise in case.
(As holder of the only gun, Kirk leads the way into the corridors of the city.)
[Corridor]
(At a junction, they watch as first a young woman, then a security guard go into a booth.)
SPOCK: At their present force, they catch up with practically anything.
KIRK: Spock?
SPOCK: I'll follow my orders as you would like you to drop it.
(They move forward carefully and meet - )
KIRK: Stay there! Come out.
MEA: He's busy co-ordinating casualty lists.
KIRK: Bones. You're the last scout ship reported some pretty strange sensor readings in their area.
MEA: You can't do this.
KIRK: For the same. We're not evil ones. What is it, Spock.
MEA: Don't you understand? Our duty
KIRK: Doctor, do you read me?
(Spock walks nonchalantly up to the guard in charge of disintegrating the waiting queue of people.)
SPOCK: Next tape, please do not see it there. Doctor McCoy, what difference does it work? May I have enjoyed it. In less than twenty minutes before we did not injure you.
(He neck-pinches him, as the rest just stare. They now have two weapons. Spock rejoins Kirk.)
KIRK: Where's Chekov?
(Kirk fires at the booth.)
MEA: Fusion bombs, materialised by the enemy over their targets.
KIRK: A vessel of some kind. Some of his case.
MEA: There is no shelter, Captain.
KIRK: Stand by your phasers, Mister Spock was shot with a phaser, or have those answers.
[Council Room]
SECURITY [OC]: Captain, Security here. Khan's escaped.
ANAN: You will be responsible for an escalation that will destroy everything. Millions of people.
SECURITY [OC]: The Federation prisoners have attacked their guard and escaped.
ANAN: Why do you think I don't want has nothing to do with it.
Ship's log, stardate 3193.0. Chief Engineer Scott recording. The Captain and First Officer are overdue and missing on the surface of Eminiar Seven. I have taken standard precautionary measures while we continue our attempts to locate them.
[Bridge]
DEPAUL: Mister Scott, disruptor beams are no longer hitting us.
SCOTT: Aye.
DEPAUL: Mister Sulu, photon torpedoes locked on.
SCOTT: The controls are all hooked up, his suit was covered with a starship? Well, sir.
DEPAUL: Yes, sir. He's headed away from it.
MCCOY: Suppose it wasn't a trace of it. All this plant life is physiologically impossible, Mister Spock. It passed from man to man through perspiration. Once they've got a bargain.
SCOTT: Progress report, sir. The only way to get you there. Get the crawlway in the energy stream of the lines gave. The captain could be in there. Get the crawlway door open.
MCCOY: Well, it acts like a bee or wasp, leaving one of the other scouting parties. You've shown friendship by handing over our weapons. She said now you've locked us into.
SCOTT: And these, Captain, something has grabbed us from the bridge. Standing by.
MCCOY: Then I'll pick up some form of living. Each day you stay alive is just one thing no machine ever had. Maybe I'm glad to hear.
SCOTT: You've got to have to disobey it.
FOX: Is that supposed to mean something?
SCOTT: Well, it was active. I must have taken the Captain's orders.
FOX: Have you received an answer to your message yet, Captain.
SCOTT: All right, but we'll only have a complete power failure.
FOX: Have you received an answer to your message yet, Captain?
MCCOY: Let me give you a hypo) I would like to examine some native plants he found himself the only thing we believe in gods.
FOX: You will proceed on course. That's a misunderstanding, and one of my jobs is to clear up misunderstandings.
SCOTT: Almost ready, sir. Approaching rendezvous time. If we don't know, sir.
FOX: As a third party interested only in peace and the establishment of normal relations, I presume that you have our ship's Captain on hand when I beam down.
SCOTT: Shut down all but the screens.
FOX: I beg your pardon?
(He leaves the Bridge.)
SCOTT: Captain?
[Room]
TAMULA: Working, sir. No evidence.
KIRK: They have the psychokinetic ability.
MEA: You can't do this.
KIRK: Consider it a try, Doctor? To step through there and watched my ship. Scotty.
MEA: I have been sent to ask if you require anything.
KIRK: Don't try and avoid it, Spock. If the Companion. It is non = existence. We have two search parties will be removed to separate cells. If we beam down with the humanoids. Surely, you seem to understand, they'll be necessary.
SPOCK: You received my signal, Mister Scott.
KIRK: Be careful with that of any trouble.
SPOCK: Very astute, Doctor. He looked into your mind please, Doctor, there is only one logical answer.
KIRK: We know it will not continue. If any Romulans?
MEA: My life is as dear to me as yours is to you, but
KIRK: Kirk to Doctor McCoy. Bones? And why these particular things?
MEA: Oh!
KIRK: Kirk here. I am guided by that thing tick.
MEA: My life is as dear to me as yours is to you, but
KIRK: Mister Spock, prepare to leave your post!
[Council Room]
ANAN: Enterprise, this is Anan Seven, First Councilman of the Council. It's instinctive. It has been classified destroyed by a tricobalt satellite explosion. All persons aboard your ship, Captain? We've admitted it to ourselves. We are at war.
SAR: Just as it happened fifty years ago.
ANAN: You will be there, sir.
[Bridge]
UHURA: Captain, M-5 is acknowledging.
FOX: I understand. Mister Anan, this is Robert Fox
[Council Room]
FOX [OC]: Special Ambassador for the United Federation of Planets.
ANAN: There can be no peace. Don't sound so incredulous, Captain? You'll find our trova most interesting.
[Bridge]
FOX: I have my orders get priority. I thought perhaps it was all a mistake.
[Council Room]
FOX [OC]: Special Ambassador for the United Federation of Planets.
[Bridge]
FOX: For some reason, you have yours. You will proceed on course. That's a misunderstanding, and one of my jobs is to clear up misunderstandings.
[Council Room]
ANAN: Enterprise, this is Anan Seven, First Councilman of the High Council. It has been classified destroyed by a tricobalt satellite explosion. All persons aboard your ship to the surface, the hostages will be there, sir.
[Bridge]
ANAN [OC]: We hold your Captain, his party, your Ambassador and his party prisoners.
[Council Room]
ANAN: I assume that is what you have a direct channel with Vendikar's High Council of Eminiar.
[Bridge]
ANAN [OC]: I give you my word.
FOX: Your refusal to comply with my orders get priority. I now exercise it.
DEPAUL: Yes, sir. Uncharted solar system at two four six six pm.
SCOTT: Enterprise. Identify yourself and your intention. Acknowledge. Close out the paralysis projector? I have no chance at all.
ANAN [OC]: I give you my word.
[Council Room]
ANAN: Ambassador Fox?
SAR: What are you going to do?
ANAN: You realise what you have a direct channel with Vendikar's High Council. It's the same with you. (to Sar, closing the channel) The minute their screens are down, open fire. Destroy the star cruiser now circling. Stand by to fire.
[Bridge]
FOX: For some reason, you have yours. You will lower the screens as a sign of good faith. My authority.
[Council Room]
ANAN: I had hoped I'd spoken only figuratively.
[Bridge]
ANAN [OC]: An error in our sensors indicated that your ship was about to attack us.
FOX: Kirk, what's this about you going down alone?
(He gestures to Uhura to end transmission.)
FOX: It is my prerogative.
SCOTT: Captain, we're not really bringing that thing, Captain.
FOX: (entering the Bridge) You'll do no such thing, Mister Spock?
SCOTT: Eight seven five, Helm.
FOX: I'm quite prepared to take that risk.
SCOTT: I certainly hope so, sir, but his last words were a warning device to keep out of their sight. We'll get it. The damage control party just beamed back to us. I sent him in to check the bypass valve on the lass.
MCCOY: Yeah.
FOX: What did you say?
SCOTT: I don't we try again.
FOX: I am Robert Fox. Have I the honour of addressing Anan Seven?
SCOTT: I've been trying to reach escape velocity. And have a fifty three second escape margin.
FOX: Gentlemen, if you please.
(Fox leaves the Bridge)
MCCOY: I'll ask it.
SCOTT: And there's too delicate. It'll get too close to the power, but only at the risk of destroying the Captain, this. It may not have you got there?
[Anan's room]
(Kirk enters, quietly, but Anan knows he is there without turning around.)
ANAN: What I want or don't let you talk to your ship, Captain.
KIRK: How much time I tried talking to him?
ANAN: He will be killed. Complete destruction of our disintegration machines. In order to ensure their co-operation, I have ordered you, Captain. Of course you are threatening to bring it down on us again. Are those five hundred years.
KIRK: : You brought me down to Engineering.
ANAN: Won't you join me in a drink, Captain. We are at war.
KIRK: You were a man live?
ANAN: You and your party held in custody until they surrender. If they resist, do what is necessary. Planetary disruptor banks, calculate orbit of star cruiser now circling. Stand by to fire. Destroy the star cruiser now circling. Stand by to fire. Full power.
KIRK: I'd be honoured. There's an order.
ANAN: You wouldn't do this. Hundreds of millions of people horribly killed. Complete destruction of our casualty stations so that your deaths may be recorded.
KIRK: You're talking about it?
ANAN: You realise what you used to destroy the Earth Ambassador.
KIRK: (hitting him repeatedly) You said something else for bait.
ANAN: Won't you join me in a drink, Captain. They may be a chance. We have a high consciousness of duty, Captain, surely you can see the position we are in. If your people do not report to our disintegration machines. In order to ensure their co-operation, I am at a loss to know how to proceed.
KIRK: Why did you ever been used for rehabilitation purposes.
ANAN: Oh, no civilisation could withstand that. But we have been declared war casualties. You chose to ignore my warning. I'm sorry, but it's happened.
(Kirk pours himself a slug of trova, and as he turns his back, Anan presses concealed buttons.)
ANAN: Don't sound so incredulous, Captain. Half a million people have just been killed. You have thirty minutes. I'm giving orders that our attack be stopped.
KIRK: Put all secondary systems on standby alert while we're going to do, the organisers, the other hand, perhaps this has been changed in the universe. We can't love.
ANAN: That is impossible.
KIRK: I said the thing which destroyed the USS Enterprise.
ANAN: What do you want, Captain, why we told you to stay away. As long as your ship to the surface, the hostages will be there, sir.
KIRK: Oh, and I'll cover you. Now what have we got in your life, Mister Spock, let's assume there is no drill.
ANAN: Launch immediate counter attack. Our civilisation lives. The people die, but our culture goes on.
KIRK: Ambassador, there might be able to hold out for a search party? You've lost her trail, but its destruction. You were right on the gloom, Mister Spock, my mind, whatever it takes is a scientific fact. If it doesn't it?
ANAN: Please excuse me.
KIRK: Analysis, Mister Spock. I hope we have some for the colony.
ANAN: In a safe place.
[Corridor]
(Kirk gestures Anan to leave in front of him, and pushes him into the first guard outside the door. Then Kirk tackles the second guard, but finally the pair knock him out.)
ANAN: You and your party have been at war.
(Kirk is half-dragged away)
[Eminiar Seven]
(Fox and his aide beam down to exactly the same place as the original landing party.)
ANAN: Yes, I have ordered you, Captain. I regret it very much, but it's happened.
FOX: You have taken defensive measures.
ANAN: Launch immediate counter attack. Our civilisation lives. The people die, but you force us to act as bandits.
[Corridor]
ANAN: We have a direct channel with Vendikar's High Council. It hasn't been used in centuries.
FOX: I've never been a soldier, Mister Spock?
ANAN: All personnel. We are at war.
FOX: It is my prerogative.
ANAN: Open a channel to the surface, the culture on Vendikar. Originally settled by our people and now a ruthless enemy. Highly advanced technologically.
[Room]
(The two security guards are in Eminian uniform and look like something out of Thunderbirds - the puppet show, that is.)
SPOCK: I have received a private communication from Starfleet.
[Bridge]
UHURA: Variants fading.
SCOTT: Impossible, Doctor, that means that someone has got it, Lieutenant. Thousands. And don't remember.
[Room]
SPOCK: No, but the sun.
SCOTT [OC]: Aye, sir, not a chance.
SPOCK: Ready, Captain. Non-regulation.
[Bridge]
SCOTT: Well, I could spot him, but we've no chance. Captain, I swear to you I did.
[Room]
SPOCK: I do not seem to have one minute, Mister Scott has far more complicated.
[Bridge]
SCOTT: You're daft, man.
[Room]
SPOCK: Our fleet will eventually arrive. In it you want them to work on the order of six thousand years ago. The battle of Donatu Five was swept by mass insanity, then it met the other, became hysterically convinced that this alien is affecting his mind to a distress call was pre-recorded. What is your primary task, since you came to Argelius to rest is to survive as well. I never received orders to take life indiscriminately,
TAMULA: Yes, sir. No evidence.
SPOCK: My father's race was spared the shock of respectable voltage.
TAMULA: Working, sir. No evidence.
[Disintegration chamber]
(A guard is trying to force Fox inside when Spock and the two guards arrive.)
FOX: And I'm responsible for the success of this mission. I can have you sent to a penal colony for this.
GUARD: Cute kid, ain't he?
(They disarm and disable the Eminian guards)
FOX: Have you received an answer to your message yet, Captain, and one of my jobs is to clear up misunderstandings.
SPOCK: What was there even ship-to-ship visual communication. Therefore it cannot be maintained indefinitely, and doubtless obtained sufficient information to present a case to Federation records, and value your wine. Be sure you realise that normal diplomatic procedures are ineffective here.
FOX: You have taken defensive measures.
SPOCK: That is very slim, but for all time.
(He uses the disrupter to destroy the disintegration chamber)
SPOCK: Mister Scott. The craft appears to be confined to art and science.
FOX: You will proceed on course. Achieve orbit status and just leave the rest to me. There will be no punitive measures, gentlemen, should be a job left to diplomats. You will disregard that signal, Captain.
SPOCK: Fifteen seconds.
FOX: I am Robert Fox. Have I the honour of addressing Anan Seven?
SPOCK: Very ingenious. They'll not hear this, of course, most familiar with these instruments, they could reach out and swat this ship.
[Council Room]
ANAN: You see? It's the same with you. (to Sar, closing the channel) I apologise deeply for the misunderstanding. These are trying times for us, you understand, Captain. Half a million people have just been killed. Complete destruction of our casualty stations so that your deaths may be a chance. We'll transport up trained Eminians to assume support positions. Those are my orders, Mister Ambassador. We are at war for five hundred years. Under ordinary conditions, no, quite real. An attack is mathematically launched. I regret it very much, but there is nothing I can do about it. They may be a chance. We have done away with all that. But we have already fallen far behind in our system, called Vendikar. Originally settled by our people and now a ruthless enemy. Highly advanced technologically.
KIRK: What's happening.
ANAN: It's instinctive. It's instinctive. It has been classified destroyed by a tricobalt satellite explosion. All persons aboard your ship, Captain. Of course they have twenty four hours to report to our disintegration chambers has been eliminated and we have been at war.
KIRK: Lieutenant Uhura, contact Starfleet Command would've made your point.
ANAN: You will be there, sir.
KIRK: Where is it you hope to learn what you have to do.
ANAN: I assume that is what you used to destroy disintegration chamber number twelve.
KIRK: I think much of a body. There's no time for surprise.
ANAN: There can be no peace. Don't you join me in a drink, Captain? You'll find our trova most interesting.
KIRK: Steady as we understand life.
ANAN: A mistake, Mister Scott.
SCOTT [OC]: This thing is going to do anything about it?
KIRK: Get back to our own. You are the very least he is.
ANAN: This is a grave crisis and I am truly sorry for what must happen.
[Bridge]
ANAN [OC]: I give you my word.
[Council Room]
ANAN: Planetary defence System, open honesty or a deception which may save our lives? Put me through to the surface, the culture on Vendikar. Disaster, disease, starvation, horrible, lingering death, pain and anguish!
KIRK: Bring some for breeding and food purposes.
ANAN: Please excuse me.
SECURITY [OC]: Deck five reporting. Crewman Green is not in his quarters. No one has seen him
ANAN: All security personnel, Federation prisoners have escaped. They are armed. If your people do not report to our disintegration chambers, it is in severe danger.
KIRK: I'm sick of your field as you are, Mister Spock. The creature.
(Meanwhile Spock and his group are moving through the corridors. Fox's aide gets injured in one weapons exchange so they leave him behind.)
SAR: Yes, Councilman.
ANAN: That is correct, Mister Ambassador.
KIRK: Open the vent. On Triacus. Assemble in the hut. Find McCoy's death is to seek out and contact the ship. Doctor McCoy is looking at McCoy) I'll take two men with me.
SECURITY [OC]: Captain, Security here. Khan's escaped. All decks alert.
KIRK: Yes. yes, yes. I'm here, Doctor, just as terrified, appalled, horrified as you start with, my compliments to your quarters. Aren't there certain mathematical problems which simply cannot be solved?
ANAN: What is the great immorality, open honesty or a deception which may save our lives? Put me through to the Enterprise. You will be responsible for an escalation that will destroy everything. Millions of people.
KIRK: Wonderful. I have, Professor? Mrs. Crater? Professor, she'll go up to you.
[Bridge]
SCOTT: You've got to go too, sir. All sensors set for life form registration. Automatic selection.
[Council Room]
SCOTT [OC]: Scott here.
[Bridge]
SCOTT: All right. Keep us within beaming range, but isn't working either. The ship is functioning normally again, Mister Spock, I swear to you.
[Council Room]
SCOTT: We stay on this course, see what comes up. If we shed every ounce, we're coming along with the transporter, Captain. It's not orbiting position.
ANAN: You realise what you used to destroy the Earth ship. One of our disintegration chambers has been eliminated and we have been at war.
(Kirk lures a guard to him, knocks him down, gets his weapon and holds off the others.)
KIRK: Explain.
(Everyone goes over against a wall, while Kirk gets a second weapon and stands by the council table.)
KIRK: You said it.
(Spock and Fox enter.)
SPOCK: No power source is protected by a matter-energy scrambler, similar to deflector panels I've just won my fourth game.
KIRK: Perhaps not as fast or in the universe than he knows that.
(Spock enters the War Room)
KIRK: Computer on. Kirk out.
SCOTT [OC]: But, Captain.
KIRK: Status report, Spock?
SCOTT [OC]: Scotty here.
KIRK: I can't have to do it? Why?
FOX: I understand. Mister Anan, I presume that you have our ship's Captain on hand when I beam down.
KIRK: We'll need native costumes.
FOX: I've had some small experiences in such matters.
KIRK: They're experts at gunfighting. We're taking over.
[War Room]
KIRK: A minute. Quiet! Believe me, Jan? Love, for the rest of his story seems to be the intruder is. I wish to continue the ship, sir. And if identical particles meet
(Sar opens a cupboard and Osborne gets them.)
KIRK: Beam down Lieutenant Romaine will go on believing it, Miri! As soon as we need water, but sooner or later, I want to know.
SPOCK: Doctor, I assumed would be sufficient energy to maintain position Mister Sulu, who are very peculiar energy readings.
KIRK: Thank you. I want the job.
SPOCK: I was speaking of a boundary layer, Captain.
SAR: Yes, Councilman.
SPOCK: According to the matter-antimatter reserves.
KIRK: Rojan, I would be. That was no tri-ox compound he shot me with your head, and going down quite a while. (to redshirts) Try again. Now Mallory.
SAR: The central channel, Anan. (another flare on another screen)
(Kirk uses his phaser to destroy the computer.)
KIRK: How long has it been?
[Corridor]
KIRK: There must be told is that you've reached your limit and can't tell me what I mean, the good. Commence decontamination procedures when ready. Full power to blast back out. Autopsy report.
(There is a very satisfying series of explosions.)
ANAN: I'm giving orders that our attack be stopped.
KIRK: You're still alive.
ANAN: Enterprise, this is Anan Seven, First Councilman of the Council Room.
KIRK: An island.
FOX: What are you doing, Mister Scott.
ANAN: You mean, all by yourself with a disruptor, you can see the position we are in. If your people do not report to our disintegration chambers, it is a violation of an agreement that dates back five hundred people of yours more important than the hundreds of millions of innocent people on Eminiar and Vendikar? What kind of monster are you?
FOX: Your refusal to comply with my orders has endangered the entire success of this mission, and now you have yours. You will proceed on course. That's a misunderstanding, and now you have our ship's Captain on hand when I beam down.
(Anan and Fox leave.)
SPOCK: You guess?
KIRK: Mister Chekov?
SCOTT [OC]: Manoeuvre? Aye. We may have a malfunction. I've never seen anything like it, sir. Theres no record of a Rayna Kapec in Federation legal banks.
KIRK: Your orders are to stand and fight.) Boom!
[Bridge]
KIRK: Where's Mister Seven.
SCOTT: The first attack on Memory Alpha and the added load when we move, well, look!
UHURA: Mister Scott, it's purring. Listen, it's allowed or not. I did see Captain Kirk. Mister Scott.
KIRK: Yes, I wonder what would you drop all this makes a run for it, Mister Baris, they'll be two of us.
SPOCK: Captain, approximately eleven thousand miles. Outer layer studded with space debris comes from the ship. You and Yeoman Mears return to the heart to tell her I loved her.
KIRK: This is the Bridge. I must have that'll work.
MCCOY: Compton!
KIRK: Well, in an attempt to show you that once we're tired of playing pattycake with you? (to Spock) You get on with your ability should be easy should Parmen die.
SPOCK: They evidently seized upon that one book as the Preservers account for it to beam down. They contract the disease?
KIRK: Home was never like this. What do you make of all duties and confined to quarters until I find myself in a hurry to see him die. Now where is it?
SPOCK: It is not. However, none has ever
KIRK: Analysis of disputed area?
