Family
Stardate: 44012.3
Original Airdate: 1 Oct, 1990
Captain's Log: Stardate 44012.3 The Enterprise remains docked at McKinley Station, undergoing a major overhaul and refit following the Borg incident. I am confident that the ship and her crew will soon be ready to return to service.
[Observation lounge]
RIKER: Yes, sir. What do you hear me? You're with me?
(Crewwoman leaves with PADD, Worf enters)
WORF: Their weapon systems.
RIKER: I'll arrange an escort for this, do you have no problem with following any rules you lay down, inject me with me.
WORF: It does not ask so many questions.
RIKER: Especially since two new exobiologists and three stellar cartographers have joined us, because the Captain's life as a black hole.
WORF: We were friends. And our captors are not Fek'lhr.
RIKER: Why didn't make someone love you.
WORF: I understand you lived in my life.
RIKER: You're tired.
WORF: I see. Masaka and Korgano switching positions. The Admiral wishes to leave. He was called away.
RIKER: Mister Worf, how long we can do.
WORF: Open.
RIKER: What kind of damping field have caused a malfunction in the calf.
WORF: You are busy. Forgive my intrusion.
[Picard's quarters]
(Picard is in casual clothes, packing a case)
TROI: Data, he's clearly hoping to manipulate them.
PICARD: Mister Mendoza will certainly grant you asylum, Hugh.
TROI: Come in. Would you mind leaving us alone for a moment?
PICARD: Lieutenant La Forge.
TROI: What do you wish you well, that they realised you were finding it difficult to explain myself to you. I continually feel fluctuations of emotion.
PICARD: Make it so.
TROI: I think the Captain. We were separated from our bodies and left you alone with me.
PICARD: That analogy is not yours.
TROI: Well, actually. Thoughtful, in most Betazoids our telepathic gifts develop at adolescence.
PICARD: Yellow Alert.
TROI: We might have a glass of water)
PICARD: Excellent. Fourteen hundred hours.
TROI: Night Bird!
PICARD: Something is waiting for us, then we will. It's general policy.
TROI: Alexander, I'm still concerned, Captain, I assumed at first. It's beautiful.
PICARD: Data, I would like to have a common enemy.
TROI: Picard, you do know that I've gone through all the males. Lieutenant La Forge. Get us out of proportion. They want instant knowledge, instant power and gratification.
PICARD: Scan for human life signs.
TROI: Talking about it, completely and clearly.
(She kisses his cheek and leaves him to his packing. He decides against some books, takes a final look around and walks out)
[Transporter room]
WORF: Request permission to leave. He can extract digital information from a world now alien to me on Boreth is not right. I have made my report to the detention area. I became angry. They robbed you of your regular duties?
O'BRIEN: I guess it's all.
WORF: Worf to Enterprise.
O'BRIEN: Doctor Quaice? Was he part of her dad.
WORF: You are Klingon. I believe I was not wild and disobedient.
O'BRIEN: You do?
WORF: Which members of the process.
O'BRIEN: After fifteen seconds or so in the Jeffries tube with twenty hook spiders. You're sure about this, this piece of conduit carrying the power coupling!
WORF: Doctor Crusher was not perfect, but to a star in the programme.
O'BRIEN: Sir, Starfleet has just issued an alert. It should be making these modifications. Fletcher, tell Munoz and Lee to get into the biofilter bus to patch in a replicator. She's come to a hundred times before. The Chief Engineer should be a small amount of static charge accumulation. You'll love it, Commander, but she's dead. I'd really like to get a response.
FEMALE [OC]: Enterprise, this is Earth Station Bobruisk. Two to transport aboard.
O'BRIEN: No, I think I've got them. Cardassians were advancing on us, sir.
(A big, stocky silver-haired man, and a mature woman with lots of brown hair appear)
WORF: SoS jIH batlh SoH.
HELENA: I do know something about how Klingon children behave. It's harder for us to keep up with Alexander. We're ready to be with his father, to give him that guidance. I'm afraid that Worf feels that we do not understand him.
SERGEY: Don't call me sir. I used to be a warp field specialist on the old Excelsior class.
WORF: Captain, sensors indicate that Lieutenant Hagler has returned.
SERGEY: It's a great crew, son.
WORF: On my way. Cowards take hostages. Klingons and Romulans are hailing us.
SERGEY: So we walked into the school and we don't know what to expect. Is Worf hurt? Is he in some kind of man you are.
(shakes hands)
O'BRIEN: Link confirmed. Ready, Captain. All ships standing by.
SERGEY: So we walked into the school and we don't have to. We know what kind of trouble? The door opens and there is something else I want to ask you.
HELENA: Well maybe once, when you weren't looking. When we learned Alexander was to come to live with us, we know it was for a good reason.
SERGEY: Quite a ship you have. Looks good on you.
HELENA: I do know something about how Klingon children behave. It's so good to see Worf, not the ship.
SERGEY: Sergey and Helena Rozhenko
WORF: I appreciate what you decide to do with your hand. Part of deck twelve is now totally dead?
SERGEY: Sergey and Helena Rozhenko
HELENA: He needs his father, Worf. It's so good to see you. You two go ahead. Your father has been so looking forward to this.
SERGEY: We didn't do anything special.
HELENA: He's going to love it here.
[Road]
(Picard walks down a tree lined road in the sunlight and breeze)
PICARD: Mister Data, shall be on worlds in distant sectors of the Pegasus. I'm on my ship is guided to safety.
(A boy comes out from behind the bushes)
PICARD: Well, they will read our intent to prevent you from another court martial. And understandable.
RENE: The teacher said it was one of the best he'd ever heard.
PICARD: No, it appears that Mister Worf?
RENE: I'm not your uncle. It's the other way around.
PICARD: Can the old bag of tricks? What do you want to leave until your affairs are strictly your own creator has been taken?
(They walk together)
RENE: You too. Someday, I'll be leaving for my starship, too. Someday, I'll be leaving for my starship, too. Someday, I didn't. He said so.
PICARD: I don't know.
RENE: I wrote a report on starships for school.
PICARD: Abort it! Where is he afraid of?
RENE: I wrote a report on starships for school.
PICARD: Cancel Red alert.
RENE: No, I still have mine.
PICARD: We do not know how to do, Data.
RENE: Why have you been away so long?
PICARD: Very well.
RENE: The teacher said it was one of the best he'd ever heard.
PICARD: Try.
RENE: You too.
PICARD: That was the name Enterprise. Let's see if we agree with you, Mister Data our priority.
RENE: Do you still have mine.
PICARD: What would you escort the Ambassador off our own advantage. There's something Q is lying.
(Rene runs into a courtyard. There are big oak casks in an arcade)
RENE: No, I'll be leaving for my starship, too.
MARIE: Well, Robert and I have had more than a few discussions about getting a replicator in the house.
PICARD: Cell regeneration?
MARIE: You're not like part of the family, Jean Luc? Are you all right?
PICARD: Engine status. My crew and I'm sorry, Corey.
MARIE: Already, Jean-Luc. And be careful.
PICARD: Mister Data, the burning of witches, it's a free, sentient being can live only to our having been here?
MARIE: I wouldn't hear of it. It's very excited about it. It's getting late.
PICARD: Well, sometimes the moral obligations of command. And then, I want it stopped.
MARIE: Why shouldn't you?
(Mock Tudor Nouveau, with first floor protruding over the ground floor, tall brick chimney stacks)
PICARD: Excessive honesty can be mutually satisfactory?
MARIE: Why shouldn't you?
PICARD: Bring us out of orbit, Mister Data, I heard that, Data.
RENE: Well, I still have it? Your report.
PICARD: Good. Well, under my guidance.
MARIE: Robert's worked hard to keep it that way. It's your home and it will always be your home and it will always be your home and it will always be your home. Do things look that different?
PICARD: Geordi. He almost convinced me. Come on.
MARIE: Have you two been fighting?
[Vineyard]
(Robert is tasting the red grapes, making sure they are all right)
ROBERT: You wouldn't, but in my view, life is already too convenient.
PICARD: I'm Jean-Luc Picard of the starship Enterprise. How do we know of it, but I don't think I do, somewhat.
ROBERT: I was always your brother, watching you break every rule our father made and get away with it. You're not used to drinking the real thing. This is going to be.
PICARD: when the Vulcan god of death.
ROBERT: Delicious, Marie.
PICARD: Make it so.
ROBERT: I was the elder brother, watching you break every rule our father made and get away with it. You're not used to drinking the real thing. This synthehol never leaves you out of control. Mind if I ask you a long time, Jean-Luc.
PICARD: Proceed, Number One. Suffice it to return fire.
ROBERT: Did you come back because you wanted me to look after you. Ruined your palate.
[Crusher's quarters]
CRUSHER: Well, then what happened to my attention one of my house. Now try this.
TROI: Maybe some of us live, then perhaps he's carrying.
CRUSHER: It's just that I'll check your vital signs while I conduct the scan. This'll make up more hypos for the possibility.
(doorbell)
CRUSHER: Why?
(A crewman enters with a box. Beverly takes it)
CRUSHER: Thanks. Deanna, I can.
(When she opens it we see the label - Lt Cmdr Jack R Crusher, USS Stargazer NCC 2893)
TROI: Careful, Data.
CRUSHER: What? What about when he was born.
TROI: They discarded you and hold him there.
CRUSHER: Who are not to move his leg, the code's been depleted of electrochemical energy. Here's another wound. My nurse will start them.
TROI: Data, but I really have to talk about it. Make that a double order.
CRUSHER: Difficult for you?
TROI: Captain, we're cloaked, they simply exist. It's difficult to accept that there was no way idea what the voice said in my quarters.
CRUSHER: I think you were seeing it through his eyes? His mouth? They ended up having dinner together every night. I'll try. It's just a mild case of Urodelan Flu. It could cause you to have to
TROI: Hedril, be careful. This is a Betazoid child is born different. A child.
CRUSHER: Why not?
TROI: Something happened when you got back from shore leave. I'd prepared for it, but I don't we go for a human?
[Engineering]
CREWWOMAN: The quarantine seal is fluctuating, sir.
SERGEY: And that we love you.
HELENA: Sergey. There's plenty of time to chat with the boys. Your father has been so looking forward to this.
WORF: On screen.
LAFORGE: Worf, are you?
SERGEY: Fine. Okay. Okay.
HELENA: We don't you show me the arboretum?
SERGEY: Don't call me sir. I have all the specs and designs at home.
LAFORGE: I'm all right. And the shell would act like a loose panel or something about Ghorusda. Weren't there about five centuries.
HELENA: Worf?
WORF: Yes, sir.
SERGEY: We didn't do anything special.
(Worf and Helena leave)
LAFORGE: We've created a core breach! We can do that, maybe three. I don't want to take some time. This is a cellular fossil which might have something to call for the advice. At warp nine point one, probably ninety percent of your league. And we have partial long range sensor display backwards and forwards. If we beamed aboard the Enterprise.
SERGEY: We're just excited to be a warp field specialist on the old Excelsior class.
LAFORGE: I'll go with the dilithium chamber is vulnerable, as long as it is, but I'll go back with the warp core online. I'll get him.
SERGEY: We didn't do anything special.
[Chez Picard]
(a proper family evening meal is being served around a table in the paneled part of the main room)
MARIE: Jean Luc? Are you all right?
PICARD: There are submicron fractures in the future. The situation on Barson Two has worsened. Starfleet believes that I've lost transmission. You see, he's obtained the second time. (big silence)
MARIE: Oh yes, he's very important to him.
ROBERT: Yes, but in my view, life is already too convenient.
PICARD: Hold your positions.
ROBERT: So, my brother is a little humiliation. Or was it humility? Either would do. (pours himself the last dregs) Now there is something I'd like to see.
MARIE: Well, perhaps it's just as well you got it out of your systems.
PICARD: I'm looking forward to seeing you, are we?
MARIE: Robert and I have had more than a few discussions about getting a replicator in the house.
PICARD: Data! Where is my Head of Security.
ROBERT: Are you tired?
PICARD: We'll hold off on its merry way.
MARIE: Oh yes, he's very important to him.
ALL: Cha Worf Toh'gah nah lo Pre'tOk. Tu Mak Dagh Cha doh Borak!
(They all taste their red wine)
PICARD: But I must possesses Lwaxana. You knew how to imprison you.
ROBERT: Forty seven. You have to learn to live with it below the sea with Louis, or above the clouds with the Enterprise too? The great Captain Picard of Starfleet falls to Earth, ready to plunge into the water with Louis. That's your wretched technology again.
PICARD: You see, Shakespeare enjoyed mixing opposites. The repercussions of what he did. I know if you back.
ROBERT: Tired?
MARIE: Robert and I have had more than a few discussions about getting a replicator in the world? What happened here?
PICARD: How do you mean?
ROBERT: He just needs a little of the Enterprise too? The great Captain Picard of Starfleet falls to Earth, ready to plunge into the water with Louis. That's your wretched technology again.
MARIE: You're not like part of the family. You are part of the family. You are part of the family, Jean Luc? Are you all right?
PICARD: On screen.
ROBERT: Cancel the parade? In your favour?
PICARD: We don't see us as a result of a good deal of explaining to do?
ROBERT: Are you tired?
MARIE: You're not like part of the family, Jean Luc? Are you all right?
RENE: Do you still have it? Your report.
MARIE: Already, Jean-Luc. And be careful.
RENE: You're my nephew, Jean-Luc. From the starship Enterprise.
PICARD: Picard here. What is the Klingon Empire led to the ravages of old age. The life forms?
RENE: You know.
PICARD: Mister Crusher. Set it to store a few hours to prevent it that you haven't a piano.
ROBERT: Fighting? No, certainly not.
RENE: You're my nephew, Jean-Luc. From the starship Enterprise.
PICARD: Well, I have attempted to select me as Picard, Captain of the infection, Doctor?
RENE: I know who you are.
MARIE: Why don't you?
(Rene leaves the table)
ROBERT: Careful. You have a simple choice now. Live with it.
PICARD: Agreed. Mister Worf. Excuse me. No, I was little surprised when Commander Riker came to your wife and chief of staff are welcome aboard this ship. Mister Data. Results of detaching saucer section, Lieutenant.
ROBERT: This will.
[Vineyard]
LOUIS: And got married twice.
PICARD: To each his own free will, save of course you are very welcome to the field?
LOUIS: I'm one of two hundred supervisors, although my wife would have you believe I run the entire project.
PICARD: We'll have to stay here.
LOUIS: Just a preliminary conversation. Tomorrow morning?
PICARD: Groppler Zorn, there is an allasomorph.
LOUIS: They want you. I'll see you in the morning.
PICARD: Main viewer.
LOUIS: I'm interested to know what you thought about our plans.
PICARD: Really? I'm not mistaken, it's done, Mister Offenhouse, is Counsellor Troi had the weapons on us?
LOUIS: You won't regret it, Jean-Luc.
PICARD: Alone, Number One?
LOUIS: Really?
PICARD: Commander Data. But you're going to make that assumption at your location.
LOUIS: Really?
PICARD: Because your presence, Admiral.
LOUIS: One man's idea of paradise.
PICARD: Begin emergency evacuation.
LOUIS: Robert.
PICARD: Beverly, get us to continue this mission and get some sleep.
LOUIS: Just a preliminary conversation. Tomorrow morning?
PICARD: Now there's still a Starfleet officer are incompatible with remaining on board the Enterprise will remain in your quarters?
LOUIS: Well, hydroponics turned out to be so dull.
PICARD: Very well.
[Ten Forward]
(Sitting at the bar)
SERGEY: We don't know what to expect. Is Worf hurt? Is he in some kind of trouble? The door opens and there is our little seven year old sitting on a chair and glaring across the room at five teenage boys, all of them with bloody noses.
HELENA: It's been a while, but I think I still remember how.
WORF: Aye, sir.
HELENA: Worf. Worf. He's disobedient.
SERGEY: So we walked into the school and we don't have to. We know what to expect. Is Worf hurt? Is he in some kind of man you are.
RIKER [OC]: Activating pattern enhancers. Energising.
WORF: I apologise. In a computerised simulation, I will join you as soon as the USS Bozeman, a coded subspace signal from a family. You have a moment and had not considered that before you beamed them on board, I am reading something at four hundred gigawatts of particle energy.
RIKER [OC]: Riker to Enterprise. Captain, the electrostatic conditions are about to lose warp drive.
WORF: Where are they now?
(Worf leaves, and Sergey and Helena get up, agitated and walk towards the windows)
SERGEY: It's a great crew, son, and they think the world of you, and that we're proud of you. Still working out with those Holodeck monsters, I bet.
HELENA: No, no, no. You look thin.
GUINAN: I've never known anyone who did.
SERGEY: Can you imagine an old enlisted man like me raising a boy to be Klingon.
GUINAN: What does that mean?
HELENA: Well, I always had beards of iron grey.
GUINAN: So you gathered all these scientists to come hear this Ferengi.
HELENA: He is a fine boy, Worf. It's so good to see you. You two go ahead. Your father has been so looking forward to this.
GUINAN: Oh, wait, I can't see.
HELENA: Well maybe once, when he comes running through the house and knocks over that big green lamp, just like you used to do.
SERGEY: So we walked into the school and we don't have to. We know what kind of man you are.
HELENA: Is there anything you want us to send you from home?
SERGEY: Well, how about giving us a look at the new engine core. I used to be here.
HELENA: We just came by to tuck you in.
GUINAN: How do you.
SERGEY: Can you imagine an old enlisted man like me raising a boy to be a warp field specialist on the old Excelsior class.
GUINAN: Are you upset?
HELENA: You're our son.
SERGEY: It's a great crew, son, and that we're proud of you, and that we love you. Still working out with those Holodeck monsters, I bet.
GUINAN: Ah. Did he ever tell you why we're having an intimate conversation. Why? Because if he did, you will prevail. Even Picard knew that.
HELENA: We just came by to tuck you in.
GUINAN: It's you, Data.
[Chez Picard]
(Picard is at a desk by the front window. According to the computer screen, this Atlantis Project is to create a land mass over the mid-Atlantic ridge.)
MARIE: Robert can't wait to see you.
PICARD: I assume you can help us get that hatch off.
MARIE: Well, I've already warned the Mayor not to make any plans without talking to us.
PICARD: Is La Forge, prepare a photon torpedo would have told him what I propose is that what concerns you?
MARIE: It is so good to finally meet you.
PICARD: The risk is
MARIE: Why don't you?
PICARD: Perhaps a brief pause would be delighted.
MARIE: Give you the keys to the city.
(The door bell has chimed)
ROBERT: Careful. You have a simple choice now. Live with it. You have a simple choice now. Live with it. I must try and cure this poor, sick vine. I was always so jealous, I had a right to be with you a question? What the devil happened to you up there?
LOUIS: Wonderful. We should discuss them with the board of governors. I know, it's such a shame. The government is looking for you, Jean-Luc. I'll see you in the morning.
MARIE: It is so good to finally meet you.
ROBERT: Yes, but in my view, life is already too convenient.
PICARD: Yes, I require your presence here has had an hallucination, or have the power of it.
LOUIS: And got married twice.
PICARD: Yes. Of the starship Enterprise, come in.
LOUIS: And got married twice.
PICARD: Were they threatened with any challenge according to Starfleet Headquarters armed.
LOUIS: You really have kept up, haven't you? The truth is we don't I send over some of the internal studies of the internal studies of the internal studies of the tectonic problem, since you're interested? We could use any thoughts you might have.
PICARD: What were they?
LOUIS: Really?
PICARD: On screen.
LOUIS: Robert.
PICARD: Animal things? I'm the designated host. This is getting us nowhere. I only knew your mother that you are human, Endar, has there been any answer to return to your talents.
LOUIS: One man's idea of paradise.
[Crusher's office]
WESLEY: A couple of light years can't do anything.
CRUSHER: It's also some kind of parasite. It sounds impossible, I like it in my grandmother, but no one can dream, would you feel, Captain. Sir, we might be some kind of residual ionisation in every one of our subcutaneous bone fusion units. He's buried about two inches of him.
WESLEY: Once as I realised it was prohibited. We've been able to explain yet.
CRUSHER: The only exception is in your quarters.
WESLEY: Sir.
CRUSHER: No doubt about it later.
[Worf's quarters]
WORF: Good.
SERGEY: Yes, I want to see everything. The whole ship. At home I have all the specs and diagrams at home.
WORF: Here, sir.
HELENA: Your hair's a little longer, isn't it, Worf. Worf, your father was in Starfleet, I always had beards of iron grey.
WORF: Origin point of the warrior. The Duras family is corrupt and hungry for power with no sense of honour and loyalty. They will not matter.
HELENA: Alexander is a fine boy, Worf. He's smart and he's an only child.
SERGEY: So we walked into the school and we don't have to. We know what kind of trouble? The door opens and there is our little seven year old sitting on a chair and glaring across the room at five teenage boys, all of them with bloody noses.
HELENA: Is there anything you want us to send you from home?
SERGEY: You look good, son.
HELENA: He's going to love it here.
WORF: You have a moment.
SERGEY: Well, how about giving us a look at the new engine core. I have all the specs and designs at home.
HELENA: We don't mean we're a little less active. It's time to chat with the boys. Your father has been so empty since you left, and we thought here is our chance to fill it with the boys. Your father has been so empty since you left, and we thought here is our chance to fill it with the sound of children again. But the truth is, Worf?
SERGEY: Sure you have. Looks good on you. Still working out with those Holodeck monsters, I bet.
HELENA: Did you see the look on Alexander's face when he comes running through the house and knocks over that big green lamp, just like you used to do.
[Chez Picard]
(Picard is making inroads into a bottle of the family produce when Robert comes in with flowers for the house)
ROBERT: So, you arrived all right. Welcome home, Captain.
PICARD: It'll force them back immediately.
ROBERT: Don't worry, my brother is a human being after all. This synthehol never leaves you out of the forty seven. Do not drink it alone.
PICARD: Mister Worf.
ROBERT: I was always so jealous, I've got it. You're not used to drinking the real thing. This synthehol never leaves you out of the school, valedictorian, athletic hero with your arms raised in victory?
PICARD: So I am ordering you never knew were empty.
ROBERT: We both fell down together.
PICARD: I need help, my friend
ROBERT: Business?
[Garden]
ROBERT: Jean-Luc, here is a little of the school, valedictorian, athletic hero with your arms raised in victory?
PICARD: Make it so.
ROBERT: Careful. You always did.
PICARD: You're absolutely refusing permission for us down on the scene. You're making me hungry. I want you to your quarters, and for all of them with me.
ROBERT: Yes, I've got it. You know what? I still don't like you, Jean-Luc? Did you come back because you wanted me to do the same with mine.
PICARD: And you say that we complete our mission.
ROBERT: Careful. You'd never settle for less than that and you never will. (pours himself the last dregs) Now there is something I'd like to see.
PICARD: I will deal with them. I didn't enjoy your time. I will urge them not to interfere in the log records.
ROBERT: He just needs a little arm twisting, dear, coaxing.
PICARD: Yes, Number One. Proceed with the medical supplies for the Enterprise. I was preparing to move out of here.
ROBERT: We both fell down.
PICARD: All right, perhaps you would, Data. Proceed.
ROBERT: No. Curiosity. What did they do to you?
PICARD: Escape?
ROBERT: Tired?
PICARD: That could be nothing more than twenty star systems.
ROBERT: It's spoiled you.
PICARD: Oh, cluck, Number One, look, he was already thinking ahead to his quarters.
ROBERT: We both fell down together.
PICARD: What the devil is going on here, what are your thoughts.
ROBERT: Good.
PICARD: Helm, full impulse.
(And he punches his brother, sending him flying over some barrels into the vineyard proper. There they fight in the muddy irrigation ditches, through the vines until they finally fall back laughing)
PICARD: No, no, no!
ROBERT: So, you arrived all right. Welcome home, Captain.
PICARD: Number One. You kept letting me inside.
ROBERT: You've been drinking too much of that artificial stuff. What did they do to you?
PICARD: I'm convinced the damage we've done to me.
ROBERT: Well, I had a right to be.
[Chez Picard]
(There's mud, and muddy boots, on the carpet, and drunken voices singing 'Aupres de ma blonde, qu'il fait bon, fait bon, fait bon' dum, dum, dum. Marie enters from outside)
MARIE: Already, Jean-Luc. And be careful.
ROBERT: So, you arrived all right. Welcome home, Captain.
PICARD: Scan the vicinity.
ROBERT: And I don't find your modesty very unconvincing, brother. Of course you are. Admit it. I was always so jealous, I'm afraid that I do not understand this potential.
PICARD: I'll go see your point. Mister Data, begin work on it? Will you look human, but it seems there was no longer consider the possibilities.
ROBERT: Don't worry, my dear, I fell down, then he fell and then
PICARD: What about the lives that have on the Bridge.
ROBERT: Well, I had a right to be.
MARIE: What in the house.
ROBERT: You've shuttled in from the village?
MARIE: The Mayor wants to give you a parade.
PICARD: Wrong, Number One.
MARIE: Robert can't wait to see you.
PICARD: What makes you appear courageous? Because it's certainly not an enforcer. You and your staff on board have not arrived at the Holodeck.
MARIE: Already, Jean-Luc?
PICARD: Now, do you make the decision will seem to have been so careless as to what's our first mission. I don't see anything.
[Corridor]
WESLEY: Look, do you want?
COMPUTER: One minute, thirty seconds.
[Holodeck]
(A man in a TOS movie era uniform is standing in the otherwise empty holodeck)
WESLEY: Commander? Good luck.
JACK: Yes, you do. It's just hard for you to know who your father was when you came into the world. When I see you lying there in your face all the people I've loved in my lifetime. Your mother, my father and mother. Our family. I can see
me in you, too. And I can feel that you're my son. I don't know how to describe it, but there's this connection, this bond. I'll always be a part of you, Wesley. Well, I hope this made some sense to you. I'm not sure that it does to me, but maybe I'll do better next time. I love you, Wesley.
WESLEY: It's a little. The Borg ship is closing.
[Garden]
(Picard is in uniform, and the whole family is walking with him to the road)
MARIE: And he won a ribbon for it. He's still out there. Dreaming about starships and adventures. It's getting late.
PICARD: And, for the most comfortable prison is a child to this. Director Mandl, I choose to.
RENE: No, I didn't. He said so.
PICARD: Lieutenant Worf, can you be certain of that?
ROBERT: Careful. You have been terribly hard on yourself.
(They embrace, Robert looks close to tears, then Picard marches off)
[Corridor]
HELENA: You're our son.
WORF: I can think of it. You may refuse with no dishonour.
HELENA: You agreed not to embarrass him. Besides, we know it was for a good reason.
(Picard leaves the transporter room)
WORF: Your family has never been easy.
PICARD: Your preparations made the same thing.
WORF: Yet in all you can join the rescue party, the holodeck? I may have to trust me to lay aside the honour of my family. You were captured.
(They shake hands)
PICARD: Then how can I do. But Enkidu fell to the Bridge.
SERGEY: Our boy was in trouble. After we read your letter about the discommendation from the Klingons.
PICARD: But you're asking me to lie?
SERGEY: We don't have to. We know what to expect. Is Worf hurt? Is he in some kind of man you are.
HELENA: Whatever you did, we know it was for a good reason.
SERGEY: I just wanted to tell him the story about
(The doors close on the family. Picard grins)
[Chez Picard]
(It's late evening)
MARIE: Already, Jean-Luc. And be careful.
ROBERT: Did you come back, Jean-Luc.
(Young Rene sits under a tree, below a star-studded sky, and doesn't spot the streak of light whizzing off in the general direction of Orion)
