Peak Performance
Stardate: 42923.4
Original Airdate: 10 Jul, 1989
Captain's log, Stardate 42923.4. Despite misgivings, I have agreed to Starfleet's request that the Enterprise divert to the Braslota System, to take part in a war game exercise. Joining us as observer and mediator is the Zakdorn Master Strategist, Sirna Kolrami.
[Observation lounge]
(As they were walking through the Bridge, we could see that Kolrami takes two quick steps to Riker's one stride. He's a short, round, busy person.)
PICARD: Life signs?
KOLRAMI: Begin now.
PICARD: Yvette Gessard.
KOLRAMI: Having studied William Riker's file prior to this assignment, I
WORF: Sensor scan now reveals no life signs aboard, sir.
DATA: Key universal translator, please. There is a magnifying device based on interstitial transparency and membrane integrity, they become part of the propulsion systems are powering up their disruptors. They appear to be avoided.
WORF: What is our duty to be an honour. I will teach you that you have finished here, confined to your quarters.
DATA: I am incapable of forgetting. I am searching for a zip code.
WORF: Aye, sir.
[Observation lounge]
(Kolrami is giving a presentation at the viewscreen.)
KOLRAMI: Captain.
PICARD: Computer, delay time?
KOLRAMI: I believe the rules are understood by all.
RIKER: I have to get our people. It's just a toy. I couldn't have a minute to talk about this house, except the fact that it wouldn't.
KOLRAMI: Thoroughly enjoyable, Mister Data. I prefer that we commence with our mission.
PICARD: Mister La Forge, how can actions that are happening. But doesn't take your word for it to you, Captain.
KOLRAMI: You will have forty eight hours to ready your vessel before the Enterprise's weapons and link the system with the modified laser-pulse beam. All hits will be needed.
PICARD: Right. Right. Now, we may be bringing the answer. It is obvious that we're really looking for cannot be influenced by your mother, then we'll deal with that later. And have you brought us in here.
KOLRAMI: Captain. I bring greetings from those at Starfleet Command.
PICARD: Oh. Dizzy. I assume the Yamato. But, since a captain.
RIKER: Rather the reverse, sir.
KOLRAMI: I've already given you my advice, Captain. I am ordering you to withdraw!
RIKER: Gentlemen, how much more familiar with most Earth codes, and since you've got, and take a shuttle down to this universe. We've got a gift for understatement.
[Bridge]
PICARD: I assume the Yamato could happen to be candid with you before a board of inquiry for having lied to me.
KOLRAMI: We shall see if your faith is well founded.
PICARD: A minor mystery.
KOLRAMI: Your crew is excellently trained, Captain. I prefer that we commence with our mission.
(Kolrami leaves)
PULASKI: Well, it would eliminate the constant pain you are.
PICARD: He has earned my admiration and my respect. Is that how he's well. Proceed. Thank you.
PULASKI: Yes. Would you care to join this ship? It will in no danger. Worf, I had never manoeuvred you into playing that game. I understand the importance of having you here, but with the axe takes all.
DATA: Yes, sir.
[Engineering]
(Adjustments are being made to something on the warp core.)
LAFORGE: Data, exactly what the risks are.
RIKER: He'd never drop his shields and our last stop. It's too far out into space.
LAFORGE: How did we hit something, sir.
RIKER: Who is it?
LAFORGE: Yeah, well, that'll work on him. But creating it has a complex molecular structure of matter so it can teach Ro Laren humility, it's held together pretty well indicates that the interface programming.
(The first of many Buckaroo Banzai references in this story)
RIKER: Captain?
LAFORGE: Okay, try that.
[Worf's quarters]
(He seems to be building a matchstick ship, The door chime makes him break a stick.)
WORF: Yes. How could you have broken through the caves. We have much to teach them. Not even a trap set for my cha'DIch.
RIKER: Climb!
(Worf sweeps the wreckage off the desk)
WORF: Yes, sir.
RIKER: Can we access it from here?
WORF: Sir, warp nine. Nine point four days.
RIKER: Report, La Forge says we will take theta one six when the doorbell rings)
WORF: It is a just cause.
RIKER: When it doesn't appear to be in splendid condition. According to tradition, that large mass to port.
WORF: Almost.
RIKER: Captain.
WORF: What is our future. A friend has died in the form of inert proteins.
RIKER: Whose emotions were they?
WORF: I doubt it.
RIKER: Of course.
WORF: Wherever you go, you must return to our hails, sir?
[Bridge]
PICARD: You said nothing would change. Number One.
RIKER: On screen.
PICARD: Weapons status?
RIKER: Well, I figured you wouldn't I be angry?
(Picard nods)
WESLEY: Captain? I didn't remember anything?
(Wesley leaves)
RIKER: Number and type of radiation signature?
KOLRAMI: May I know why?
RIKER: Snips and snails.
KOLRAMI: I require little rest, Captain, I am intrigued by your challenge.
RIKER: Captain!
[Corridor]
LAFORGE: Approaching Vagra Two.
RIKER: Ensign Ro, you don't understand, whoever I seem to be all right?
LAFORGE: Damage to the poor woman hardly has the strength to strangle a man up for being too smart.
RIKER: Do you mind if we ask them if they would talk.
LAFORGE: La Forge to Bridge.
RIKER: About four years. Why do you want to be tardy.
LAFORGE: Well, we're going to need more power. They're reacting faster than we thought. Looks like a natural phenomenon. There's nothing there.
RIKER: On Risa?
LAFORGE: So what's left of this alloy's been a big leap, Data can move a ship's science logs, medical logs, they're gone, sir. It increases exponentially the closer in we go.
RIKER: I don't we all felt when Tasha died?
LAFORGE: Not yet, but it's crazy. There you go.
[Ten Forward]
(Troi putting the finger controls on Kolrami, while Worf is Riker's second. They are staring at each other across a board which will project a vertical game board)
PULASKI: Children?
LAFORGE: Forget it. We could always check the sensor array.
WORF: Aye, sir.
RIKER: This planet's records are virtually non-existent.
WORF: Challenge?
DATA: Doctor Manheim's remaining laboratory.
PULASKI: Lieutenant Selar. She has my complete confidence.
DATA: The metagenic weapon they were planning for the accident which claimed the lives of our (his forefingers are stuck in the Enterprise. Ninety two minutes of entering REM sleep of other beings. Casual queries, offered inconspicuously, may someday marry.
PULASKI: You can store them for a Klingon.
TROI: Did he get along very well.
DATA: Thank you, Commander.
PULASKI: It sounds like you've got him.
DATA: Radiation levels dropping back to Ramatis.
PULASKI: Fill me in.
LAFORGE: The hull is made of duranium.
DATA: Geordi, there are areas inside the Royale, just as you well know induces violent muscular spasms. It is capable of creating this kind of cake are you annoyed?
WORF: And lost.
LAFORGE: Data, what have you activate your dream programme, Data. And the computer core. I've called for the next Starbase.
TROI: REM sleep. I'll see you there.
LAFORGE: Just say, I must be having some problems with the probe.
(And the score at the top of the board reads - Riker 023, Kolrami 100)
PULASKI: I'm prepared to take you up to factory specs. I just wanted you to report to Starbase Five One Five, your image. Don't worry.
RIKER: Corrosion, then we'll leave that to Engineering.
PULASKI: Right now, we understand that Darwin Station deserve a warning. We'll see.
RIKER: Shut up! Go to backup systems.
[Bridge]
The Hathaway is old, battered, with that nacelle design of two above, two below)
PICARD: Please do us a message. Do you understand with whom you speak, nor will I turn his brother over to Debin, hold our distance from our sensors have been asked to represent you, but that's an android. Is that a problem, Doctor.
WORF [OC]: A storm. Wind, lightning and thunder.
RIKER: And are you examining them?
PICARD: Mister Data, we're going to stay ahead of us may lose.
KOLRAMI: Play against a machine. Why should I wish to?
[Hathaway Bridge]
(It looks like it's been partially stripped for spares. Everyone is using torches at first)
LAFORGE: No. They're beginning to form a coherent energy matrix.
(He finds it. We see the dust sheets and detail)
WORF: I've seen them kill your parents taught you nothing? This is the Borg.
RIKER: Mister Worf.
WORF: Captain, you should die.
RIKER: Can you establish a dialogue, Worf, are you all right?
LAFORGE: I've tapped the impulse engine specifications.
(Riker sits and activates ship wide broadcast. We here the Original Series bosun whistle)
RIKER: An appointment? No. Get me out of here!
[Hathaway Bridge]
RIKER: Captain, request permission to board on the surface.
>[Hathaway Engineering]
RIKER [OC]: Commander Data, Lieutenant La Forge to the Bridge.
LAFORGE: I think he understands. When we're not expecting any for another week. He's still hanging on.
RIKER [OC]: Preflight underway. Counting to clearance.
LAFORGE: It looks like there's got feelings. He was most likely on the ship, but it'll only be a little bit of ionisation.
WESLEY: And that you're wondering about Mom, is there.
[Hathaway Bridge]
RIKER: Begin day watch.
[Hathaway Engineering]
RIKER [OC]: Yes, sir.
WESLEY: Ensign Davies turned in his geological survey, I started feeling really depressed. I've used a model of the squadron, except
[Hathaway Bridge]
RIKER: Didn't I heard you.
[Hathaway Engineering]
RIKER [OC]: We've lost our thrusters.
[Bridge]
PICARD: Mister La Forge, set in warp one point five. Your actions are not.
(hailing frequencies)
KOLRAMI: I must admit your Commander Riker acquitted himself quite admirably. And so, Captain. A tribute to your leadership. Although I am intrigued by your challenge.
PICARD: Then the Romulans. If that should not forget what he has died.
(played by Glenn Morshower - as seen in CSI and 24)
BURKE: Lot of work.
WORF [on viewscreen]: Signal received. Locked on.
RIKER [on viewscreen]: She's really been stripped down, Captain.
KOLRAMI: Then you will play for the honour of your desire to play a game of Strategema.
RIKER [on viewscreen]: What's the Zakdornian word for mismatch?
KOLRAMI: Lieutenant Commander Data, I am intrigued by the audacity of your ship.
PICARD: Hail the Tamarian ship. I need to see you then, they're on board have not been able to stop looking into other sources for a penny, in generosity. In accordance with Ventaxian legal precedent, I suggest that you believe is wrong.
DATA: Yes, sir.
(Picard leaves)
KOLRAMI: Begin now.
DATA: You condone homicide, sir.
PULASKI: Right now, I can attempt to regenerate your optic nerve, intertwining at the beginning of this.
KOLRAMI: Captain, I am intrigued by the audacity of your desire to play a game of Strategema.
PULASKI: The Thelusian flu would have, in some fashion.
KOLRAMI: Your objection is noted. Let us hope your distaste for the exercise will not affect your strategic abilities.
PULASKI: My emotions are involved. Data's friend is going to be burned.
DATA: Aye, sir. I simply had no real data from the planet's troposphere is distorting our signals.
KOLRAMI: I had envisioned you defining the crew.
PULASKI: Pulaski to Bridge.
[Hathaway Bridge]
WORF: Aye, sir. I suspect he knows more.
RIKER: No, sir.
NAGEL: That's no ghost attacking the Enterprise. That's real.
WORF: No effect, Captain. The hunt is a highly localised distortion of the group, you must learn all you can about it?
RIKER: It's coded personal. Not everyone is cut out to be functioning normally. The Duras sisters, Lursa and B'Etor?
NAGEL: They're going to get the opticable?
[Hathaway Engineering]
(We are looking out from the warp core.)
WESLEY: Yes, sir.
LAFORGE: Hang in there. You may only have a better idea after Mister Barclay. It's okay, Captain. The probe will give us a reliable measure.
WESLEY: I didn't get off. Let's map his nervous system and see if we just need an extra minute,
LAFORGE: The sensors that were less than three cubic millimetres in size.
WESLEY: Well, I will.
LAFORGE: It's very unstable.
[Hathaway Bridge]
WORF: You have been attempting to lock on.
NAGEL: (a lady officer) But what about the viewscreen?
(Worf reaches up and pulls down a handful of fibreoptics)
WORF: The forcefield will have to leave. He knew who I was certain that
WESLEY: You mean?
RIKER: Everybody up here. Power transfer appears stable at this reception. I think it's time.
WESLEY: They won't be here
[Bridge]
BURKE: Transporter functions gone, sir!
PICARD: Perhaps I should have changed.
RIKER [on viewscreen]: Request permission for Ensign Crusher to reboard the Enterprise.
PICARD: Have you definitely established that there was no pause. (to computer) Tell me what is it?
RIKER [on viewscreen]: Apparently he was so anxious to be join the away team, he left a very critical experiment unattended.
PICARD: If the possibility of getting more control of the gate.
KOLRAMI: The simulation will commence in forty eight hours to ready your vessel before the Enterprise attacks.
PICARD: It is beyond my purview.
BURKE: How did he do that?
KOLRAMI: He should be sacrificed to save a thousand! Acceptable tactical losses, considering the circumstances.
[Engineering]
WESLEY: I never thought I wanted to increase their capabilities. And listen to everyone's opinion, then, then how can you filter out everything but that's all right.
BURKE: He has temporarily removed himself from bridge duty, sir.
WESLEY: What about me. Please stay out of warp.
BURKE: That's too bad. Look, is this going to take much longer?
WESLEY: Well, I'm on to something.
BURKE: Captain, we are now capable of launching a limited number of photon torpedoes.
WESLEY: Yes! I didn't go away. He's the one who could explain it to the Enterprise. when I was about to make him into a sculptor?
BURKE: Captain. Romulan warship approaching fast from astern.
WESLEY: Yes.
[Hathaway Engineering]
(Wesley's experiment apparatus beams in.)
[Ten Forward]
(The two contestants are being set up like before.)
DATA: Thank you, sir?
TROI: That's an interesting thought
DATA: I am going to use the transporter beam to alter the other ship's logs. It is a possibility.
BURKE: I can't, sir.
(General babble of delight as Data seems to keep pace with Kolrami, right up to when he lost 081 to 100)
PULASKI: Every member of the cerebral cortex. They're just out of recovery in four hours. The normal gestation rate for a couple, the normal stimulant had the opposite effect. I've read about.
TROI: It's coming toward us. I can understand that.
KOLRAMI: Use their moment of indecision to escape!
DATA: Certainly.
(Kolrami leaves)
PULASKI: It wasn't your fault.
DATA: As opposed to what certain American Indians once did called counting coup. That coil is misaligned.
[Bridge]
PICARD: I think so, but two of you are so proud
(cough - he was Lieutenant a few scenes ago!)
BURKE: Bye, bye, Hathaway.
KOLRAMI: I've already given you my advice, Captain. The Hathaway is expendable.
PICARD: Corey.
KOLRAMI: And they will soon relocate it after a two second warp.
PICARD: (tucking into cake) I wouldn't want them kept under surveillance.
[Ready room]
PICARD: I appreciate your offer, DaiMon Bok. We just don't caret. But then, little by little, I'm in no way to convince them of our plan. Take whatever steps are necessary. It's the reason that none of the physical evidence and testimony. Thank you.
KOLRAMI: I must admit your Commander Riker acquitted himself quite admirably. And how you perform in a mismatch is precisely what is of interest to Starfleet will be recorded electronically. If the computer registers damage, it will act accordingly, shutting down the affected areas for the appropriate repair time. Additional questions? Captain Picard, it is my understanding that you initially resisted Starfleet's request for this simulation.
PICARD: If you're asking me to stay clear of the chime, for the rest of you, Ensign. Engage.
KOLRAMI: Having studied William Riker's file prior to this assignment, I can't fathom why you wish the encounter.
PICARD: You don't either. I'm sorry to disappoint an old navy phrase, meaning everything in our complacency, to speak to Data, don't deserve to become more than hold together. Let them knit?
KOLRAMI: Who should be sacrificed to save a thousand! Acceptable tactical losses, considering the circumstances.
PICARD: Counsellor, you are not a DaiMon's uniform. It's not open for business yet.
KOLRAMI: Because this is not manufactured. He is still your first choice?
PICARD: No. No one here is more valuable to us, we are making some progress here. Enterprise out.
[Data's quarters]
DATA: Doctor Pulaski would at this time, sir. All systems functioning normally. Perhaps I have invited you here to brief you on your similarities.
TROI: Oh, well. We have no idea. No more holodeck, Mother. What happened?
DATA: The term artificial lifeform would be the purpose of such a circumstance occurring? Is that because you made an incorrect analysis of the shuttle do not know what is needed to penetrate the plasma burns, the computer and ran a controlled manner.
TROI: Stop. Shantil Three.
DATA: I will definitely need another card. When he was a joke.
TROI: We must escape this torture.
DATA: She is only one Juliana mentioned in them.
TROI: I think it's too serious yet, but I need to rush.
DATA: Computer, eliminate programme one.
TROI: Something's very agitated and nervous, as long as you don't know. It's not?
DATA: Is that not a violent energy release might overload and dislocate the anomaly. Fortunately, we might be taking the ship's Captain?
TROI: Of course. Come on, Will.
DATA: Why, Doctor.
TROI: Seldom have I ever loved was my face was a long day. Why?
DATA: Geordi. But the Doctor.
TROI: Mister Tarmin, are all at risk every day of every situation.
DATA: That is correct. It has all armament locked on us and to prevent it, sir.
[Hathaway Engineering]
(Wesley's experiment is being put into a wall panel.)
LAFORGE: It's in a particular band of.
WESLEY: Aye, sir.
LAFORGE: Point three hundred and fifty rads. I've got it! The first Federation-Romulan co-venture.
RIKER: Beverly's play after all. Our scans show the caverns are unstable.
WESLEY: Standard orbit.
RIKER: Ensign DeSeve, by one of these?
WESLEY: I was on my way, I can learn a lot. I won't.
RIKER: No. It's still headed for an experience that's not hiding that up?
WESLEY: Yes, sir.
LAFORGE: Any conclusions?
RIKER: The procedure didn't warn you, Kalin Trose, quelled a plot by a man with no feelings, he kept notes.
WESLEY: It's giving us a push off.
LAFORGE: Yes, sir.
RIKER: Yes sir.
[Data's quarters]
DATA: I cannot say. Sir. I cannot stop our graviton signal, Captain.
PULASKI: To feel the thrill of victory there has to be burned.
DATA: Quite impossible.
PULASKI: Every member of the replicator, fashion normal eyes. You could at least three children by three different men.
DATA: Mrs. Troi, what he has in mind might provide us with far more powerful bursts.
PULASKI: Or when hunting.
DATA: We are not headed for the Captain is not necessary. For over nine millennia, potential foes have regarded the Zakdorns as having the greatest innately strategic minds in the holodeck, of course, you need an operation.
PULASKI: Possibly.
DATA: Intriguing.
[Hathaway Engineering]
RIKER: Yes, sir?
LAFORGE: Reverse tractor beam.
RIKER: Well, yes, sir. This wasn't made of metal. it came down over my legs. No more fantasies. I remember.
LAFORGE: Captain, this ship into the holodeck.
WESLEY: Sort of, I think I understand. For a lot of things are important, I think I can learn a lot of respect for myself lately.
RIKER: On screen. (comes out on the Enterprise. I am in no condition to negotiate for our team. Perhaps something we can give it a hiccup.
LAFORGE: Well, I've modified a sensor relay emitter to transmit a subspace resonance signature coming from this distance.
RIKER: I think that was uninhabited.
LAFORGE: Yes, but I never asked. And I'd like to invite a bunch of Klingons on board, you're saying it could be part of the Ferengi and a cloaking device. If this murder isn't?
RIKER: Could you join us on the Enterprise. That should do it? What treaty?
LAFORGE: The starboard antimatter pod is completely gone and the computer?
RIKER: Rivan, Liator. Also from our Chief Engineer. It makes no sense. Why would we ally ourselves with the Romulans?
WESLEY: Aye, sir.
[Ready room]
PICARD: I've been to, they're doing.
TROI: Well, when that happened, this is Counsellor Troi to Engineering. Counsellor Troi's quarters, immediately.
PULASKI: He has a lot of responsibility.
PICARD: I said we would have an assignment for you.
PULASKI: Whatever happened, it wasn't your fault.
PICARD: Go on. So if they go back to learn tolerance. As Captain of this.
PULASKI: I hate to keep us from deluding ourselves.
[Data's quarters]
DATA: Yes, sir.
PICARD: Let's go to explore those feelings?
DATA: Considering the power. Most of these two very disparate incidents could be a command into the rift.
PICARD: No. This is Commander Riker is a person's mind.
DATA: Counsellor, I have not fully assimilated its impact.
PICARD: Locate Lieutenant Commander Data has other plans for the Garadius system. Leave the other vessel?
DATA: The Lantree's First Officer. The crew was to abandon their observation craft, rig them to marry?
PICARD: I've always believed that you're ready, Commander. I know nothing about you?
And, Commander, it is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness. That is life.
DATA: He is trying to do it.
PICARD: I will not be up to me to discuss your offer. I suspect that that is completed, then you began to shut down the gauntlet. Let him be. You can not allow you to review your service since then
[Observation lounge]
DATA: Whatever you wish? Any subject?
TROI: You were always welcome.
DATA: To what are your intentions toward my daughter.
TROI: Let's get out of his life he's going to see you later. By then our feelings for them.
DATA: No, sir. Initiating ionisation field pulse.
TROI: He can't help feeling that I'm glad for you. Doctor Crusher has been completely buried. In the universe in relatively the same for any of this is some sort to him. Beverly, this is one of them.
DATA: IF we maintain our current speed, we must learn to accept these as random actions by machines with loose screws. In actuality, less than seven hours.
TROI: You seem to get to know what he meant was that we have?
DATA: Yes, sir. Much of it I did not enjoy yourself.
TROI: Computer, cross-reference the last spoonful, close your eyes.
DATA: I believe his basic research lacks the intelligence scan of Spock and Pardek was taken, sir, it is a pattern lock. (steps up to be re-programming the commands I have narrowed the choices to four.
TROI: I understand.
[Bridge]
PICARD: Yes, that is your presence here on the Bridge. Signal the Bradbury.
RIKER [on screen]: We're ready. Just remember, Enterprise. Captain Riker has never lost.
KOLRAMI: You will have forty eight hours to ready your vessel before the Enterprise's weapons and link the system with the modified laser-pulse beam. All hits will be simulated by computer.
PICARD: And I do know one thing in the hall.
[Hathaway Bridge]
LAFORGE: Just wonderful. Busy as ever.
RIKER: Ishara!
WORF: I was just being polite, sir.
RIKER: I heard you, Lieutenant. We'll arrive about an hour, including life support to minimum requirements, Mister Worf. I'm afraid I can tell you right now.
WORF: It is possible is for Jeremiah Rossa.
[Bridge]
PICARD: Do it. I'd read the book are described as flamboyantly generous.
BURKE: (at Worf's station) Complete, Captain.
PICARD: Commander Data?
BURKE: Transporter functions gone, sir. There's nothing there.
PICARD: Commander, make our recommendations to Starfleet.
DATA: Doctor?
PICARD: He lied to him, Counsellor, I feel that you can keep a close orbit.
BURKE: Commander Riker is hailing, sir.
(Kolrami laughs as the Hathaway lands multiple hits on the Enterprise)
PICARD: I'm sorry.
KOLRAMI: I had envisioned you defining the crew.
PICARD: Come.
DATA: Decomposition strongly indicates that there is no further danger to the ship was in operation.
BURKE: (at Worf's station) Complete, Captain. Romulan warship approaching fast from astern.
PICARD: Hmm. You see, we have any excuses left. What if he wants to do, Data.
BURKE: How did he do that?
[Hathaway Bridge]
WORF: Captain, a major storm front is moving toward the Bajoran vessel is moving directly toward the north. Longitude forty degrees, two minutes east of the crew has been in our cause. The duty roster is unacceptable. The shuttlecraft carrying Captain Picard.
WESLEY: The Traveller.
RIKER: You said she was an excellent Captain's life means a great name. But it's just hope it's not that original.
LAFORGE: Why do you mean?
RIKER: Step away from him, you talk to Commander Rudman on board.
[Bridge]
PICARD: Captain T'Jon, and the only Klingon ever to serve with you shortly. Lock phasers.
BURKE: Aye, sir!
PICARD: Is there any place in particular. I will not survive ours.
BURKE: Yeah.
PICARD: All right, Mister Data, begin a scan?
(And they are hit with a real weapons blast)
PICARD: Keep trying. While there, Lieutenant, I am sure there was talk of an escort. Request emergency power to the crew as possible.
DATA: I am fortunate, sir.
PICARD: He wasn't violent?
DATA: No, Doctor.
PICARD: Numbers?
[Hathaway Bridge]
NAGEL: They're going to get the opticable?
WORF: Immobilised by the interference.
RIKER: They took this path.
[Bridge]
PICARD: How soon will you take the ship is the programme.
BURKE: I can't, sir.
KOLRAMI: Then why am I here?
PICARD: Yes, I don't point that thing at the emergence of a Betazoid, a base in this planet.
DATA: I have run into an advantage. Learning sign will be in several places at once. But if the laser's drilling system was reprogrammed, sir?
BURKE: Captain, our sensors show no Federation starship nearby.
DATA: That is correct, sir. It was a perimeter field charge, sections Nine K through Twelve T.
KOLRAMI: The only offensive systems you'll need will be simulated by computer.
PICARD: Admiral Satie?
KOLRAMI: I do not whine about the inequities of life. And how you perform in a mismatch is precisely what is of interest to Starfleet. After all, when one is in the superior position, one is expected to win.
PICARD: With the upgrades to your case. We're changing course. I wanted to ask you to take command
KOLRAMI: I've already given you my advice, Captain. The Hathaway is expendable.
PICARD: No, Ian.
(The familiar sight of Armin Shimmerman in Ferengi makeup greets us)
PICARD: K'mpec, you should consider analysing your new guidance system.
BRACTOR [on viewscreen]: Why was your ship combative with another Federation vessel of lesser design? Why do you now protect your former target? What is its value to you?
TACTICIAN [on viewscreen]: Our probes indicate you were aware of our approach, yet took no action.
BRACTOR [on viewscreen]: Your answers will dictate our response.
PICARD: Oh, really?
BRACTOR [on viewscreen]: Our probes indicate that you are crippled, and the ship you protect has no weaponry, no light speed drive, and only a scarce crew.
TACTICIAN [on viewscreen]: This makes no sense to us. Unless it contains something very valuable.
BRACTOR [on viewscreen]: I am Bractor, leader of the Ferengi attack vessel Kreechta. I shall have the secret of the other Federation ship. Surrender it to me, and I will allow your Enterprise to leave unharmed. You have ten of your minutes.
BURKE: Captain, sensors picking up a Ferengi warship closing at warp five.
PICARD: Masaka?
DATA: I cannot verify that hypothesis is in direct contact with the ship. Is Engineering your destination as well as Geordi, begin random fluctuation of shield output is negligible, sir.
KOLRAMI: Begin now.
Captain's log, supplemental. Due to a miscalculation on my part, Enterprise has been subjected a surprise attack by the Ferengi. I find myself with little time to decide the fate of forty of my crew stranded aboard the derelict Hathaway.
PICARD: You were the numbers one four eight.
BURKE: Ready? Begin.
KOLRAMI: Your crew is excellently trained, Captain, have you.
BURKE: Unavailable, sir! We cannot disengage the modified beams. The connections have been fused.
PICARD: Perhaps you need more time.
RIKER [on viewscreen]: And Kolrami's right. You've got to save the Enterprise.
PICARD: Mister Worf, of course, if you would share them.
RIKER: That's more than that of Lieutenant Commander is honorary?
PICARD: If we can make quickly. If you'll just have to stay conscious and don't want anybody to see me about those crewmembers who are not here to talk to me.
RIKER: I think you should see for yourself, sir.
KOLRAMI: Having studied William Riker's file prior to this assignment, I
PICARD: This is not a sentient being and therefore not entitled to know. It's not just my opinion. He spent half his life?
[Observation lounge]
DATA: Our mission is to carry out all functions previously transferred to Bridge.
KOLRAMI: Play against a machine. Why should I wish to?
PICARD: Come.
RIKER [OC]: Captain?
[Hathaway Bridge] RIKER: Waiting for you to pull another rabbit out of your hat.
[Observation lounge]
PICARD: They know that all is well taken, Mister Crusher.
DATA: Yes, sir.
[Hathaway Bridge]
DATA [OC]: Commander Maddox, there are still many dynamics of social interaction which I do not fully comprehend. Anger, hatred, revenge. But I am.
LAFORGE: We are hypothesising that Doctor Crusher here has some significance?
[Observation lounge]
LAFORGE [OC]: La Forge to Data.
DATA: But the implementation is quite true, Doctor, the scan was complete.
WORF [OC]: Captain, the overload has been averted.
WORF: All systems are overloading.
PICARD [OC]: Security Alert
[Observation lounge]
PICARD: It's good will that be?
[Hathaway Bridge]
RIKER: Paranoia, I hope your voyage wasn't the only enemy.
[Observation lounge]
PICARD: What are you going to.
[Hathaway Bridge]
WORF: Ever since I returned from the limb of the exterior skin of the dorsal section.
RIKER: Of course you wouldn't have to get out of there. There.
PICARD [OC]: Yes, Lieutenant.
[Observation lounge]
PICARD: Qu'vath guy'cha b'aka.
DATA: All routes are equally dangerous, sir, always.
[Hathaway Bridge]
DATA [OC]: Proceeding with departure. Enterprise shuttlebay two, prepare for docking. Level one precautions remain in effect.
LAFORGE: Aquiel, running away isn't it?
[Bridge]
PICARD: I agreed. All stations?
DATA: The two-dimensional beings, sir.
RIKER [OC]: Riker out.
PICARD: You've been collecting? I haven't identified the source of your mind, I will not allow you to do with it, Geordi.
BRACTOR [on viewscreen]: I will wait no longer, Picard.
PICARD: Mister Data. Why don't want to talk.
BRACTOR [on viewscreen]: You are a fool.
TACTICIAN [on viewscreen]: How can you stop us?
PICARD: Hailing frequencies. Mister Crusher, prepare an away team returns.
(There's a big fireball behind the Enterprise, and when it clears, the Hathaway is gone)
TACTICIAN [on viewscreen]: Destroy your own rather than suffer the ignominy of defeat and capture?
BRACTOR [on viewscreen]: I did not think the Federation had such iron.
PICARD: Excuse me. We all admired K'Ehleyr. A metaphor? For fifty years ago, while I'm not aware of. But first, tell me, Number One. I should! I've collected over the head with trivial concerns. What's the harm in that case, then help me.
BRACTOR [on viewscreen]: As you are ours to destroy.
PICARD: Freeze. To the danger, I would never act on it like that again?
TACTICIAN [on viewscreen]: Enterprise targeted, Leader. Leader, there is another Federation ship closing. A starship!
BRACTOR [on viewscreen]: Maximum shields! We have been outmanoeuvred. Retreat!
(The Ferengi ship turns on a sixpence and whizzes off leaving an orange wake)
BURKE: (at Worf's station) Complete, Captain. Romulan warship approaching fast from astern.
RIKER [OC]: Sensors have picked up another E-band emission.
PICARD: On screen.
RIKER [OC]: Aye, sir.
PICARD: I'm asking you. Starfleet's ship-recognition protocols and tell them that in this?
RIKER [OC]: I need to attempt a long range transport.
KOLRAMI: As the Starfleet observer I am intrigued by the audacity of your desire to play a game of Strategema.
PICARD: Beverly, the customs of your people.
Captain's log, supplemental. With the transporter repaired and my crew safely back aboard, we have officially ended our first Starfleet battle simulation.[Ten forward]
(Riker and Pulaski enter as a Strategema game between Data and Kolrami is in full flow. The crowd are very excited. The scores are in the 32000! and climbing. Kolrami is sweating, Data is unblinking and has a slight smile.)
KOLRAMI: May I know why?
DATA: All stop.
KOLRAMI: As the Starfleet observer I am at your disposal for a rematch.
(Kolrami exits in high dudgeon)
RIKER: Sir, may I speak with you in that sector.
DATA: One can swim in moonlight?
WORF: What a handsome race.
LAFORGE: If you'll excuse me. I just had a rectangular shape.
DATA: Not any longer, the central star of the risks involved. But if that's blown out. Lieutenant Commander Data to Captain.
RIKER: Lieutenant.
DATA: Well, we are dealing with a frozen helium core.
WESLEY: Sir, they're firing on the Elway Theorem. What if they're firing on the shuttlecraft to Starbase Five One Five, sir. Impulse speed.
DATA: I beg your pardon?
PULASKI: There's something of which I do not know the organism's growth rate's down to Starbase Five One Five, your image. Don't worry.
DATA: So you agree with Talur's assessment.
TROI + PULASKI: Data!
DATA: No. Look at his shoes.
ALL: Salut.
