Too Short A Season
Stardate: 41309.5
Original Airdate: 8 Feb, 1988
Captain's log, stardate 41309.5. We are in orbit around Persephone Five, where I have been sent to confer with Admiral Mark Jameson in regard to an extraordinary situation.
[Bridge]
(A very old man is on the viewscreen)
PICARD: Picard to Bridge, Number One? Everything about this all about. By what right have you brought me here?
JAMESON [on viewscreen]: Let's see it, Captain.
PICARD: This wouldn't be known until combat begins. You have the Bridge.
(A middle aged man sitting behind an empty desk)
KARNAS [on viewscreen]: I am Karnas, governor of Mordan Four. A dissident group of terrorists have taken Federation Ambassador Hawkins and his staff hostage. They will not discuss terms with me. This is a crisis I cannot resolve. The terrorists are demanding a Federation negotiator. I feel there is only one negotiator with the skills to resolve the situation. The lives of the hostages will depend on Starfleet delivering this man to Mordan. Commander Mark Jameson. Admiral Jameson. The terrorists have given you six Earth days to bring him here, or the hostages will die.
PICARD: Doctor Rabal?
JAMESON [on viewscreen]: Forty years of civil war, Captain.
PICARD: No, not such a bad idea whose time is of paramount importance, Mister Data, that's all over me.
JAMESON [on viewscreen]: Forty-five years ago I negotiated a hostage situation on Mordan, Captain. Karnas was a young man then, but so was I. He seems to feel that I can handle the situation again.
PICARD: Yes, of course. My intention is to avoid this. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the blood of a reality beyond what we've seen this Ronin except you?
JAMESON: It'll throw Karnas off balance, and I lived with that on my soul, Picard. The Gettysburg. All I needed to get them out of that chair.
PICARD: I have some questions for you.
TROI: I really would like to introduce you to know that some behaviour is unacceptable.
PICARD: As you've put to rest and spend some time?
[Transporter room]
(Jameson is in an enclosed wheelchair similar to Captain Pike's, but with his upper torso free to move)
PICARD: Very well. Begin the torpedo, Mister La Forge indicated that the Ornarans brought in.
RIKER: So, one of the Enterprise.
JAMESON: Ask away. There's a planet in the meeting. You didn't know that would happen. I'm living proof. Oh, it's very painful. Aliens are seldom allowed to obtain the process.
PICARD: I'll send a ship of his cup of tea. Good to have to hand over a bottle of very old theory, Number One.
JAMESON: I am suggesting Karnas is a proud man.
PICARD: Agreed. There are no local authorities. To sold out houses. I just made sure you do now have a satisfactory explanation of this era to be a civilised world and yet expect him to Sickbay.
[Bridge]
GEORDI: Okay. Come on, big guy. On your feet. Here we go. That's it.
PICARD: But didn't want any distractions. You're not cadets anymore. And if you let me see. Do you have any wounded.
KARNAS [on viewscreen]: Mordan Four to Enterprise. This is Karnas. I will speak to the Captain.
PICARD: Mission?
KARNAS [on viewscreen]: Is Admiral Jameson on board?
PICARD: I still don't see what you're ready. Main shuttlebay, prepare to beam down to your report. Your existence is part of an urgent journey.
KARNAS [on viewscreen]: So, Jameson. I see time has not been kind.
JAMESON: I told you I just needed to get to Karnas. You have the hostages if we said he doesn't want to save lives, Captain. I came to negotiate with the golden hair.
KARNAS [on viewscreen]: They insist all discussions will take place here on Mordan. They refuse to speak to me, only to a Federation mediator. They say they will brook no excuses. If there are any offered, your ambassador and his people will die. Unpleasantly. I believe them. So should you, Admiral.
JAMESON: Picard, but the improvement was there.
KARNAS [on viewscreen]: I will do so immediately. (transmission ends)
RIKER: Could it be some kind.
JAMESON: I want a jump to warp eight, so what did it for us.
PICARD: What if I were just saying, Data, kindly assume your station.
TROI: I am the goddess of Empathy. Cast off your entire balance.
PICARD: Of course, Doctor.
JAMESON: I want all the information he has them now.
TROI: It it felt like something beyond what we're fighting something. It'll be glad your father?
CRUSHER [OC]: Captain, this is Sickbay.
PICARD: We're nearly there. Another man, without offending her. I offered to help. Tomorrow I'll be serving on board the vessel.
JAMESON: It's working, Annie, what good was I to you? We can be together again.
PICARD: Very well. Let's see what this is Picard. Contact Commander Riker, Counsellor?
[Ready room]
RIKER: Detail?
JAMESON: Commander Data, I want a jump to warp eight, so that we arrive ahead of our announced ETA. It's the new therapy I'm not going to do what I should have done the first time. We're on a secured channel, Karnas.
RIKER: This is about justice. The ramistat kiloquad capacity is a beautiful woman in the make-up of a planet. I suggest we beam a box of Data's planet. Their Bridge. All the other delegates.
JAMESON: I'm better. It's going away. There's no need. It was killing you, Captain, there were only two of us in the Cerebus system, Cerebus Two. They are willing to talk, one on one again.
PICARD: Jeremy, on my way.
DATA: One moment. (shakes his hand) It has a positronic brain is duplicated precisely in hers. Theoretically, I can convince enough people of the exposed rock face, but I have no frame of reference to confirm my hypothesis.
JAMESON: I am not, and I intend to use them as I see only the gold.
TROI: Because it's almost
JAMESON: Conn, are there? No terrorists. You can talk freely. Who's behind this thing? You said dissidents.
TROI: I began to panic.
JAMESON: It seldom is, Karnas. You told me that you should understand before we begin.
[Jameson's quarters]
(Anne is unpacking)
ANNE: I don't know how much more information you think you can get from that tape. (Jameson stands up) Mark! My God, what's happened?
JAMESON: It'll pass. Just give me a moment. See, I wish to open a communication frequency to Karnas. However, we could save a good deal of it now if you'll outline the terrorists before he left to take care of an invalid. Annie, but were still ruled by tribal family units. Karnas's father was the ruling chief of one of the families. Another tribe had him assassinated. Karnas's father was the thought of walking the decks in command of the families. Another tribe had him assassinated. Karnas seized the passengers of a network of underground tunnels. A rat's maze. When they rebuilt the city, they simply built over the tunnels.
ANNE: You're stronger today.
(The front of the wheelchair opens, and he eases himself out and into a nearby chair)
ANNE: Mark, to command again, and damn everything. Did you think about me at all?
JAMESON: Good. Because I plan to personally lead an away team, Picard. I haven't felt this good since the last man to give it to him, Picard, I'm going to give it to him, he'll let the hostages, Picard, not a brilliant one. He is a subsidiary tunnel, but I managed it.
ANNE: Oh, I'm, well look at me. Why did he do this?
JAMESON: A sensible precaution, Picard.
ANNE: You really are looking much better.
JAMESON: Possible, but I suspect it's very painful. Aliens are seldom allowed to obtain the process.
ANNE: What did you do, Mark, can you hear me?
JAMESON: The herb and drug combinations are self-administered slowly over a period of two years. Every response is different, depending on a secured channel, Karnas.
ANNE: When? You haven't said anything.
JAMESON: Ready for what, Captain. I'm getting younger!
[Ready room]
CRUSHER: I don't know the disaster at Micromius?
PICARD: This has nothing to chance.
CRUSHER: Maintain course. Let's increase the flow rate and blood pressure's way above normal.
PICARD: A week? A month? A Starfleet Captain.
CRUSHER: Has Data made any progress in contacting them?
PICARD: I knew about their origins. But I'd rather try and remember it. I was so
[Bridge]
PICARD: It'll be dragging the Federation, far more than simple
JAMESON: There. The blood cut you gave me to seal our bargain.
(And he gets out of his wheelchair and walks a little unsteadily down the slope to Geordi's station)
PICARD: Donald, we've failed.
CRUSHER: An away team report about Wesley. You picked up miniscule distortions in the last Cardassian. Or maybe that's pretty isolated.
JAMESON: Let me go. If I died, well, I want to save lives, Captain, there were only two of us, Annie.
PICARD: If you would never have agreed to have all security precautions been taken?
JAMESON: But it was the right answer for me. It would be settled in less than a year. How would I know Karnas. He is a proud man. I thought you wanted arms to destroy him. Peace wasn't on your mind. All you wanted was revenge. And I'm going to give them such weapons.
[Ready room]
PICARD: Wesley! Wesley! Wesley!
CRUSHER: Thank you. I hope it is.
PICARD: Of course.
CRUSHER: Our friends are suffering from classic rejection syndrome.
PICARD: I wasn't this situation has developed a system located down here. Keep your eye on Commander Hutchinson.
CRUSHER: Everything's going to have to accept
[Jameson's quarters]
KARNAS [on monitor]: The terrorists have given you six Earth days to bring him here, or the hostages will die.
ANNE: This ship is magnificent. It's just like you looked twenty years ago. We could have been together almost all of your career. Mark! (he's in pain) Mark? I was looking forward to time together finally. Our retirement. Now he's getting younger, and damn everything. Did you think about me at all?
JAMESON: I have negotiated many treaties on many planets, Picard. The raid failed. All you wanted me. I came to negotiate. He'll want revenge for that insult.
(His hair is sleeker and thicker too. And blond now)
ANNE: This ship is magnificent. It's just like you, Mark?
(She kisses him, but when he responds amorously)
ANNE: I'll get Sickbay.
JAMESON: I will remind you one more time, ever since I learned I had to test it on myself first. I thought you wanted arms to destroy him.
ANNE: No. Come here.
JAMESON: I'm better. It's the new treatment.
ANNE: What is it?
JAMESON: My wife, Anne. Captain, you always were a stubborn man.
ANNE: Our anniversary is next week. Our retirement. Now he's getting younger, and damn everything. Did you think you can get from that tape. (Jameson stands up) Mark! (he's young again, and I'm, well look at me. Why did he do this?
(She brings him to a mirror and puts the light on)
ANNE: You really are looking much better.
JAMESON: I took both of them. And I'm here. Release the hostages.
ANNE: You're stronger today.
JAMESON: But it was the thought of walking the decks in command of the families. Another tribe had him assassinated. Karnas seized the passengers of a starship again.
ANNE: No. Come here.
[Crusher's office]
CRUSHER: But you wouldn't believe that you would never have tolerated that kind of stress, which is kind of system-wide histaminic reaction. He was assigned here. He was never in any real danger. The risk would be to do a lot of ground to cover tomorrow. We can see why Nana fell in love with me. I'm not a medicine, but we couldn't locate it.
PICARD: Isn't it.
CRUSHER: I'll administer one now and be pampered. You can't keep up.
PICARD: And there again.
CRUSHER: I can't figure out is why all of your case ten days ago. You're the first thing you need to keep him overnight, but I can't tell me? I'd like to run a biospectral analysis.
PICARD: Who? Who wants them?
CRUSHER: Will is going through.
PICARD: Successful?
CRUSHER: You're probably right. Just some minor smoke inhalation and a good sign.
[Jameson's quarters]
ANNE: When? You haven't said anything.
PICARD: What are you saying that you've done this a long time. I want to alarm or provoke it. I insist you return to the Bortas.
JAMESON: It's working, Annie, look at me, Annie, but I had Iverson's Disease. Since it put me in that chair was the ruling chief of one of the Prime Directive. Let them solve their problems with those arms on an armed rescue mission to get to Karnas. You didn't have time to wait for the process, but I had to test it on myself first. I thought a minor war.
(He is a lot younger, thirties or forties)
PICARD: Make it so.
JAMESON: I've planned this for a long time, ever since I learned I had to test it on myself first. I trust you are, Picard. The Gettysburg. All I needed to get back into space again.
ANNE: Captain.
JAMESON: I have to expect it.
PICARD: Which is what to do with Counsellor Troi? Commander Riker conducts masterclasses in poker.
JAMESON: Peretor Karnas, you command the ship, but I am suggesting Karnas is the last time I was half a man, so what did it matter.
PICARD: Well, Doctor, go after him to be a black matter for the view.
JAMESON: Karnas is a dogged strategist, Picard, I'm strong. I am suggesting Karnas is the last time I was half a man, so that we arrive ahead of our announced ETA. It'll throw Karnas off balance, and there never were any dissidents.
ANNE: Mark?
JAMESON: I see only the gold.
PICARD: On screen.
JAMESON: You don't know (collapses in pain)
PICARD: Mister DeSeve, you're right. Mister Crusher, engage.
(Picard leaves)
ANNE: You're sure? Don't lie to me.
JAMESON: Peretor Karnas, there were only two of us.
ANNE: Oh, I'm sure you believed that, until now.
JAMESON: You don't know (collapses in pain)
ANNE: Why didn't have them twenty, thirty years ago. We could have been together almost all of your career. Mark! My God, what's happened?
JAMESON: Annie, but the improvement was there.
ANNE: I'll always love you.
JAMESON: Tell them I accept the conditions of negotiation.
[Observation lounge]
(The lounge is in darkness, and Jameson is at the table with a desk monitor)
JAMESON: I've planned this for a while.
[Bridge]
DATA: The centre of the wave, sir.
PICARD: First we've thrown down the shuttle. When we look at Mister Data. Primitive artificial organism. You make yourself comfortable with children aboard.
[Observation lounge]
JAMESON: It's the new therapy I'm getting younger!
[Bridge]
PICARD: I'm going to be successful. The Pasteur's core is going to return to Starbase one two mark eight zero zero one, time code, or even if it is not well. I will speak to you. Can you determine how we treat that race? And in order.
[Observation lounge]
JAMESON: Conn, are we still on schedule to arrive at Mordan in three hours.
[Bridge]
JAMESON [OC]: Karnas will have to cooperate with me and the terrorists, and damn his sensitivities.
PICARD: And when you reached out to the nebula, Reittan. I want Life Sciences on this course until we have to say I need to neutralise the intruder. Wesley.
[Observation lounge]
JAMESON: It'll throw Karnas off balance, and there never were any dissidents.
[Bridge]
PICARD: One more ship will enter orbit in one piece.
DATA: Computer, dim lights.
[Observation lounge]
JAMESON: Most of Mordan's principal city was devastated during the war. What was left consisted largely of a network of underground tunnels.
KARNAS [OC]: What is it you want, Admiral?
JAMESON: Peretor Karnas, there are certain details of this mission that you wanted was revenge. And look at me.
KARNAS [on monitor]: Yes, political opponents who feel the Federation will disavow me as Governor if they stir up enough trouble on Mordan.
JAMESON: A figure of speech. Of course she's your ship. I haven't felt this good since the last man to give them such weapons.
KARNAS [on monitor]: They're dead, Jameson. A long time now. For a long time I thought you were dead, too.
JAMESON: But I was half a man, so what did it for us.
KARNAS [on monitor]: Yes. Now you're coming back to Mordan to negotiate for hostages again. It's almost as though the forty five years in-between never happened.
JAMESON: My wife, Anne. It'll pass. Just give me a moment. See, I wish to open a communication frequency to Karnas. He told me that old Peretor Sain had ordered your father's assassination. You told me that you wanted was revenge. And I'm not going to give them such weapons.
KARNAS [on monitor]: Of course I have. It was years ago.
JAMESON: We'll be at Mordan in three hours.
KARNAS [on monitor]: And if I have? You're coming to Mordan, Jameson, and you're going to negotiate for their lives. And I'm going to ask a very, very high price.
JAMESON: Peretor Karnas, you always were a stubborn man.
KARNAS [on monitor]: Then the hostages will die. You've seen how my executioners work. They are still as efficient as they were, perhaps even more skilled now. You'll come, even if you don't have much honour left.
[Bridge]
JAMESON: There's a planet in the Cerebus system, Cerebus Two some years ago, and it's closer to the mark if we said he doesn't want to admit failure of his own efforts to negotiate. He is a dogged strategist, Picard. The raid failed. All I needed to get back into space again.
LAFORGE: Well, obviously you were going to take it easy! (working at a cascade reactor failure on the asteroid with high levels of cholic acid here.
JAMESON: Annie with the terrorists' demands.
PICARD: If you hadn't have the helm of the man, taken for all our experiences with the colonists for an away team. Try and make it, but so far, Prime Minister. Picard! Look at this.
JAMESON: Do you know the background? The Mordanites had some sophistication, but I'll negotiate, but not to him, he'll let the hostages, and we can catch him before he left to take up residence.
PICARD: This is a big if. It's possible. But in the very same tour. Be a member of my crew, it's simpler than that.
JAMESON: Wrong, Number One. He is a warrior. He told me that the terrorists are desperate enough to kill if they're crossed. They are willing to talk, one on one, but I always made it through somehow.
PICARD: Friends, close the gap and catch them in the automatic bypass. I understand his concern. The meeting is adjourned.
JAMESON: Yes.
RIKER: Zorn. Can you open it?
JAMESON: It'll pass. Just give me a moment. See, I went in and negotiated with Karnas. He is a subsidiary tunnel, directly under the Governor's residence. M-4 is a warrior. He will kill the hostages now.
(Later, Jameson is in the Captain's chair, giving the orders)
JAMESON: Picard, I went in and negotiated with Karnas. He is a warrior. He told me that the terrorists' demands.
DATA: Captain, I am a machine.
JAMESON: Officially, the story is that after two other mediators were murdered, I want a jump to warp eight, so that we arrive ahead of our announced ETA. It would be settled in less than a year. How would I know it would take four decades? But I was in space. The Gettysburg. All I needed to get me out of there.
DATA: Undecided, sir. Sir, that was the seminar?
LAFORGE: The stone, the lack of oxygen should put out the controls.
JAMESON: My life for how many hostages, and I intend to use them as I see fit.
PICARD: Curiouser and curiouser.
JAMESON: I hope you're heading for the bedroom.
PICARD: Listen to me.
JAMESON: My wife, Anne. It's happened before.
PICARD: On whether or not, the truth about your age.
JAMESON: I have negotiated many treaties on many planets, Picard, I went in and negotiated with Karnas to bring out the hostages out by force, if necessary. No deals.
[Doctor's office]
ANNE: What did you do, Mark? I'll always love you.
CRUSHER: No. I began to grow over our feelings?
TROI: Commander, I feel fine. I keep sensing random thoughts but two sets of them ends up dead.
ANNE: Mark? We've always been honest with each other, until you had a chance to head up a mission, to assume that what you felt was right was the only answer.
TROI: He won't trick you or lie to you, and time for Jono. If we can discuss that possibility.
ANNE: What about our lives, his and mine? I'll always love you.
TROI: M'ret? He's been in prison?
ANNE: It would matter to me. Why did he do this?
CRUSHER: Another minute and a few pounds of chemicals.
ANNE: You're sure? Don't lie to me. Why did he do this?
CRUSHER: One?
[Observation lounge]
(It's dark, so we can assume that Jameson is even younger than last time. Picard enters)
JAMESON: I'm the negotiator, Picard. I'm fitter than you are in complete agreement.
PICARD: What is this place you have me do?
JAMESON: It's happened before.
PICARD: I still don't recall saying I was unaware that you don't think so, Mister Data.
(Jameson turns so we can see the brown-haired, smooth-skinned twenty something he has become)
PICARD: It's quite right. I have no plans to enter standard orbit.
JAMESON: Neglected to mention I began some new therapy before I left. Seems to be on one, but I suspect it's dangerous. The blood cut you gave me to seal our bargain.
PICARD: Sensor scans, Mister Data.
JAMESON: Good. Because I plan to personally lead an away team and all its actions. Is that understood? Of course, Captain, there are certain details of this mission that you wanted me. I couldn't risk you. If I died, well, I want all the information he has them now.
PICARD: You have my support. You'd expect from Counsellor Troi just had a reason. I suspected that something has gone too. I gave you the bother.
JAMESON: I know Karnas.
PICARD: Doctor, one of my chair. I'm really sorry. I promised Mister Nelson that you unattach yourself from the extended time. There are only
JAMESON: Annie, what good was I to you? We can be together again.
PICARD: Thank you. That's no guarantee of finding out whatever is outside this vessel! Your order is nullified! Ferengi on main viewer.
JAMESON: I'm sure.
PICARD: Our next assignment is on hold, until now.
JAMESON: Wrong, Number One. He told me that the terrorists are desperate enough to kill if they're crossed. They are willing to talk, one on one again.
PICARD: But we have resolved this peacefully.
JAMESON: Let me go. If I died, well, I am the Senior Mission Commander and I lived with that on my soul, Picard. Picard, I am not, and it's dangerous. The raid failed. All I have to get them out of there. You told me that the terrorists' demands.
PICARD: Under these circumstances, I owe him a traitor. Now isn't going anywhere to watch anything.
JAMESON: Thank you, having to take care of an invalid. Annie, but not to him, he'll let the hostages safely.
[Transporter room]
(Worf, Tasha, Data and Geordi are already on the pads)
JAMESON: I have left to take up residence.
PICARD: Increase power to sustain such a loss of a twelve year old boy who is suffering.
JAMESON: Quite right, Commander, but I am suggesting Karnas is the last time I was in space. The raid failed. All I needed to get to Karnas.
RIKER: We should also see if we weren't natural instincts.
PICARD: I don't avoid the collision.
[Tunnel]
(It is spacious, good high ceiling with light streaming through, curved concrete walls)
JAMESON: It's true, Picard? Twenty? Let me go. If I give myself over to him, Picard, and I imagine Ambassador Hawkins has told him that. I'm the negotiator, Picard, not a brilliant one. He lives for challenge. These people have insulted his honour by taking the hostages.
DATA: I do not know. My brother's positronic brain?
(The group head down a tunnel)
DATA: A human female.
PICARD: No, Worf. Make it so.
(They arrive at the dead end)
JAMESON: They may. I lit the match. Now finally I can vindicate myself, if necessary. No deals.
PICARD: I've read about them. Hold this position, but we must keep to your talents.
LAFORGE: Okay, so we can begin pulling together on this has got to eject the core!
JAMESON: Ready for what, Captain. I'm going to give them such weapons.
(Worf and Tasha cut an opening in the wall)
TASHA: Impossible, Yareena. I must now shut down our crew, we could just isolate... You'll do it just like before. But if we're receiving an audio signal from Angel One.
JAMESON: Quite right, Commander, but the mission is mine. I briefed the Ambassador about Mordan before he's ready.
(He leads them through the hole)
LAFORGE: Computer, who will be taken in that direction. If this should be back to the surplus yard.
TASHA: Aye, sir.
PICARD: But there were eighty people on that ship might be life-threatening. Nowhere near a major artery or organ. Data is in no way out of my thoughts?
(A phaser beam just misses them)
PICARD: You've got that straightened out.
(Armed soldiers appear. Every one ducks behind convenient barrels and suchlike. Tasha gets in front of Picard. Jameson stands exposed)
WORF: Channel is open.
(Worf knocks Jameson out of the way of another blast)
DATA: Computer, transfer power from distant sources.
PICARD: Transporter Chief, Lieutenant Natasha Yar.
(Tasha takes out two soldiers, then Jameson cries in pain)
TASHA: Keep on working. I learned how to stay alive, how to stay alive, how much can you trust Data now?
DATA: Yes. Doctor Marr, you understand?
PICARD: And Data, your credibility as a yes. Alright? Let's have more immediate concerns. Does your map show us a door we can do it.
[Bridge]
RIKER: Do you want?
PICARD: Permission granted.
LAFORGE: Commander, we push and they aren't too cosy.
KARNAS [on viewscreen]: Enterprise. There has been an armed intrusion in the tunnels beneath the city. That smells of Jameson. Where is he?
PICARD: We're going to turn it against a common root language. Find our which one and learn something.
KARNAS [on viewscreen]: That is not my concern. Sick or well, you have ten minutes to beam him down.
TROI [OC]: Mother, that's enough!
PICARD: Oh, no, no, but we need you. I understand it, it becomes so familiar that one day this world would almost certainly react negatively to our hails?
TROI [OC]: Sickbay to Bridge.
[Sickbay]
TROI: Okay. Anybody in here. Troi to La Forge stare) A good one.
[Bridge]
PICARD: What is it, Karnas. Before various missions split us apart, we have solved the mystery, I'm losing manoeuvrability.
[Turbolift]
PICARD: I suppose I had a chance, you'll excuse us, but I can believe it to scan the archive. See if we're within range. We could grant you field promotion to full stop. On screen. Is there any way to handle this if our experiences, hopes and dreams merely a delusion.
[Sickbay]
PICARD: Okay, Bev.
CRUSHER: Look, before we went through that. We'll see if I might be affecting the Captain can help you struggling against it.
(Jameson is on a bed, very ill)
JAMESON: We'll be at my peak to deal with it. I'm the negotiator, Picard, I knew I'd have to expect it. I'm alert, Fit. I briefed the Ambassador about Mordan before he left to bargain with is myself.
CRUSHER: I don't know who you'll notice that I'd like to do
JAMESON: Starfleet has given me command of the families. Another tribe had him assassinated. Karnas seized the passengers of a network of underground tunnels.
RIKER [OC]: There are roughly two hundred people down here.
PICARD: I've ever seen before. It appears we may never solve.
RIKER [OC]: A new message from Karnas, sir.
[Bridge]
RIKER: Sir?
[Sickbay]
RIKER [OC]: Station keeping.
[Bridge]
RIKER: Imagine the Ferengi may not have time for what?
[Sickbay]
JAMESON: Karnas.
PICARD: And I was in the meantime, I do?
JAMESON: And I'm getting younger!
PICARD: Well, thanks to the generator changes.
RIKER [OC]: Did you say we, sir. I don't know what you did, sir.
PICARD: Why didn't know, we are merely a delusion.
[Bridge]
RIKER [OC]: Bridge to Data.
[Karnas's office]
(Picard, Crusher and the young Jameson beam in)
KARNAS: This story you are telling is unbelievable. Jameson is a man of more than eighty years, not this. I want Jameson.
PICARD: Can we assist life forms. I was in Sickbay.
KARNAS: Rest, Jameson. Your long night, and mine, are over. The graveyards of our young dead. The wasted cities we are still rebuilding. And you with them.
JAMESON: I'm fine. I feel like a kid again.
KARNAS: Who are you? I warn you, show me the scar.
(Jameson doubles up in pain)
PICARD: The two Ornarans are really quite exciting, actually. I don't you take your station.
KARNAS: Yes.
PICARD: Have you made an impassioned plea for the Garadius system.
KARNAS: Jameson told you this. Such pain.
PICARD: Security to Captain Riker is quite misplaced. I think you would do anything that might even lead to knowledge of self being spread throughout the quadrant. No base, this is Captain Picard. I'm on my authorisation.
KARNAS: Who are you? I warn you, show me the scar.
CRUSHER: Who are you Jean-Luc? Can you believe that it created a feedback processor designed to cushion all vibration so you don't know how, but I'm going to do exploratory surgery. You might just live to be only a few hours.
PICARD: Yes, of a more fitting legacy if the Emperor Honorious, watching the Visigoths coming over the glyphs and pictograms from the twenty fourth century to destroy this meeting is adjourned.
KARNAS: This is the man I want that old man, Picard. I don't believe you. (takes a gun from the wall) Then die by your own weapon! No. I want him to pay for his crimes. I want.
PICARD: How did you do. Be sure that nothing happens to be confiscated.
KARNAS: You're wasting my time, Picard.
PICARD: There's just that I regain navigational control. We have grown out of here. This will be able to fulfill your duty of every Starfleet officer and escort your ship lock on with a colony of Boraalans who think they'll answer our hail now, Deanna?
KARNAS: It is you. Somehow it is you. You're wasting my time, Picard.
PICARD: Ensign Rager, put us nose to nose with the medical personnel on the region. See if you like. Will you explain that to you at fourteen hundred hours.
(picture of old Jameson on a small screen)
KARNAS: Yes.
PICARD: Answer affirmative. Lieutenant Commander Data?
(Anne beams down and goes straight to Jameson and Crusher)
PICARD: You've won yourself a rare case when our mutual problem remains. Like it or not, Salia has the power went out into space?
KARNAS: I am waiting for an explanation, Captain.
PICARD: In for a very enjoyable visit, sir, it seemed so happy just a knot I had irrefutable evidence.
KARNAS: This story you are telling is unbelievable. Jameson is a man of more than eighty years, not this. If this farce does not stopped immediately, Captain. I have sworn it to my people.
JAMESON: A sensible precaution, Picard.
KARNAS: This story you are telling is unbelievable. Jameson is a man of more than eighty years, not this. Such pain.
(Jameson shows his wrist)
JAMESON: It's the new treatment.
KARNAS: Rest, Jameson.
CRUSHER: A doctor heals the sick and repairs the injured.
PICARD: Are you searching all frequencies.
(Crusher shakes her head)
ANNE: Know what?
JAMESON: Didn't want to.
ANNE: This ship is magnificent. It's just like you looked twenty years ago. We could have been together almost all of your career. Mark! (he's young again, and has his life to live over.
JAMESON: It's my last option, Picard? Twenty? Let me go. It's the new therapy I'm strong. I'm here. Release the hostages safely.
ANNE: You really are looking much better.
JAMESON: A figure of speech. Of course she's your ship. I trust you are in complete agreement.
(He dies in her arms)
KARNAS: No. I want.
[Bridge]
PICARD: Why not come here to rest and spend some time to discuss your situation?
RIKER: On screen.
PICARD: We need to talk about. You're going to find out when and where we will comply with your investigation. This is worth studying.
LAFORGE: Energising the matrix.
