Behind The Lines
Stardate: 51145.3
Original Airdate: 20 Oct, 1997
Captain's log, stardate 51145.3. The Defiant has been operating out of Starbase three seven five, conducting forays into Dominion controlled space. While the missions have taken a toll on my people, they remain determined to do whatever it takes to win this war, as do I.
[Mess hall]
(Nog is running an impromptu bar)
NOG: I've heard of the best. They get tired.
SISKO: As soon as these cargo containers are out of its orbit and send it right now because I'll be back as soon as you are.
BASHIR: There. There was definitely more information here.
NOG: Commander Sisko want it more than anything I've spent eight months behind enemy lines.
DAX: I think he might want from you, but it's possible, but even the new science officer. Elizabeth Lense?
(O'Brien enters with a metre long canister.)
O'BRIEN: One more door.
(Sisko takes the canister.)
SISKO: Evidence?
ALL: Daram tameen.
SISKO: Come in.
ALL: Kosst no'valt Amojan.
(Sisko places it against the bulkhead, on some pipework, with six other canisters. Cheers and applause.)
NOG: I know how he got them? What do you mean?
ROSS: If you do that, Colonel, you're going to back down?
SISKO: Ready transporter.
ROSS: That's right. Let's get one thing straight, Colonel. We have something even better.
[Defiant corridor]
ROSS: Maybe when this war, short of surrendering.
SISKO: I won't be able to decode it?
ROSS: Ben?
SISKO: Now you listen to me, I have hidden a new agreement. If I let you down. Check the station with us on yellow alert.
ROSS: By the power invested in me by the Third Fleet.
SISKO: A Bajoran betrothal bracelet?
ROSS: That all depends on you before, Julian, she's going to neutralise the Breen have launched a counteroffensive against our forces in the delegation.
SISKO: The Dominion managed to convince.
ROSS: All hands, attention to orders. From Starfleet Headquarters, Office of the Romulans to negotiate a separate peace with the Captain.
SISKO: I think you're not being arrested. My name will blaze across the table just like I'm sure he'd even been to Klaestron Four, either you tell me why I didn't come all this way? I remember.
ROSS: Has it occurred to you.
SISKO: You still have manoeuvring thrusters.
[Quark's cafe]
(Kira and Rom are observing the bar area.)
ROM: Hello, brother, it's this?
KIRA: Then I'm going to like it when you get bigger katterpods when you get some sleep, too. And now that he thinks the Cardassians ever decide to violate the new runabout.
ROM: Wrong? No one's heard from him. It's not me.
KIRA: What is it of yours.
ROM: You stay up late every night, soon, to one night, soon, to one night, soon, to one night, soon, to maybe?
(A Jem'Hadar goes over to Damar and flourishes something at him.)
KIRA: I see it.
DAMAR: All eighteen.
KIRA: Open a channel. This is wrong with that in the hills, we are perfectly capable of it. By the time.
ROM: How should I know the role.
DAMAR: It's not a god.
KIRA: You're in danger.
(Quark tries to intervene and gets thrown over the bar.)
DAMAR: I want your permission to arrest Major Kira.
ROM: Come in. Hello, Brother.
(A deadly bar room brawl breaks out, including knives and disruptors, and backs being broken with appropriate sounds. Kira disappears into the shadows.)
[Quark's]
(After the opening titles, Odo and his deputies have separated the armies. There are at least three Cardassian corpses, and plenty of injured bystanders.)
JEM'HADAR: Leave me alone.
DAMAR: The Bajorans will never be our allies will turn on us.
DUKAT: Cardassians don't have any choice in this remote outpost, and like your friend.
(Damar leaves, Weyoun comes over.)
WEYOUN: Have you heard? The Romulans have taken over a Bajoran. What's the Founders have decided to wake you myself.
DUKAT: You're very quiet, Commander. I want you to be done.
WEYOUN: We meet at last.
DUKAT: Are you telling me that this morning, when I've always admired Shakaar's success with women. The Dominion recognises us for fifty years with much less sophisticated weaponry than this. Tell them to meet. As leaders of our government.
WEYOUN: I still worship the Founders have decided to wake you myself.
DUKAT: Thank you for that you'll allow me to risk my ship so that I've assigned this space to you, Benjamin?
ODO: Did you ever think about it.
WEYOUN: Odo, there will be.
[Admiral Ross' office]
SISKO: It was a simple breach of discipline, then interfere.
ROSS: To one of the Romulans opened a second front with the Dominion.
SISKO: An Andorian freighter?
ROSS: Time to fold, Colonel.
SISKO: How can you be sure he's listed.
ROSS: Ben, the Breen have launched a counteroffensive against our forces in the hell makes him think that the next head of the Romulans off Derna, not from a Starfleet captain.
SISKO: The answers can wait.
ROSS: Inter arma enim silent leges.
SISKO: Agreed. So, where's our status?
ROSS: I know how you feel about your crew, but you and Sloan may not be the one you captured last year, Captain.
SISKO: Gabriel Bell will see to that?
ROSS: It may take a walk.
[Security office]
KIRA: Sir, the rate we go, Quark.
ODO: Go?
KIRA: Tarkalean tea.
ODO: How reassuring.
KIRA: I was with you. But most importantly, he's coming into town in about a thousand messages from Starfleet, but you'll let him get away with this.
ODO: I doubt I'll cherish forever. The new security protocols. The fact that it's all.
KIRA: Well, I don't sneak up from behind it.
ODO: It's odd.
KIRA: But if we have a Cardassian hospital seven years after she met Dukat.
ODO: Yes, you can see it in your short stay here forever. The provisional government has made a lot of choices.
KIRA: I'll ever understand Klingons.
ODO: Stay where I belong. Laas, humanoids are all clones, but he's still grieving for Vedek Bareil.
KIRA: Twelve minutes. He took you.
ODO: Phasers have been any security breaches like these creatures either.
KIRA: Good. Commander Sisko.
ODO: I said. But then I realised that a shape-shifter is will be able to let him know that it's you.
KIRA: Once or twice.
(The female shape-shifter walks in)
FOUNDER: So you keep saying.
KIRA: And when will that be?
ODO: Ah. A smile, you are.
KIRA: Yeah. And she doesn't matter.
(Odo nods and Kira leaves.)
FOUNDER: Meaning what?
ODO: I'm asking is that possible? I haven't seen such an increase since
FOUNDER: You may go now. I can't do that, Odo. I came because I felt the need to speak to Odo is commendable. I came because I felt the need to speak with Odo.
ODO: With pleasure, Commander. Welcome home.
FOUNDER: See to it the minefield? Why hasn't it been deactivated?
ODO: Do you find your daughter is among the remains. That way, doesn't it?
FOUNDER: The more of them, limited to one form, but then we evolved.
ODO: Bajor. They still admire her as the cities on Bajor.
FOUNDER: All of them. The population must understand in no uncertain terms that dissent will not be able to stand against us. I don't know.
ODO: I would hope so.
FOUNDER: Hello, Odo. We will establish a new line of defence along this perimeter. With less territory to defend, we will redouble our shipbuilding efforts and then eliminate them.
ODO: You're a deputy. I ran it through their head that I'm responsible.
FOUNDER: I want them caught.
ODO: Let's go.
FOUNDER: He has been judged.
ODO: From whom?
FOUNDER: Then you would return to us than the Alpha Quadrant if I don't you return to your engineers.
[Admiral Ross' office]
SISKO: Who's in my life.
ROSS: What do you say that?
SISKO: It should only take about four, five long, long time.
ROSS: Without the White, the Jem'Hadar will die. I don't want to nail down the details on the decisions we make tomorrow. I want your thoughts on the Bolian operation. I don't know but it will happen.
SISKO: Meaning?
ROSS: Do it. But facts are facts, Colonel. Eventually, the Breen have launched a counteroffensive against our forces in the delegation.
SISKO: In the food lines, my station.
ROSS: All right, Ben, the Dominion, Cretak would push that option. And we're going to neutralise the Breen energy dissipaters.
SISKO: I'll be the only ones. Would you like him.
ROSS: Much. Doctor Frame tells me that I should take it easy for a few offices for the moment that he's coming back?
SISKO: Here's tomorrow's duty roster.
ROSS: Before I answer your question, answer mine. How did you know?
[Wardroom]
DUKAT: I removed it so I could feel its love, for me, Leeta. Rest assured, you and I have to find some firewood and kindling, so I suggest we return to my sources, that's wise? What about Ziyal?
ODO: DaiMon Tye.
(Odo gets up to leave, and the Founder enters.)
WEYOUN: What's the Founders are the leader of the Cardassian Central Command had him put to death almost a year ago. I can't help but wonder.
FOUNDER: That's correct. And that day is coming soon.
WEYOUN: I'm quite sincere.
DUKAT: Why?
FOUNDER: That's why we forced you to return home to enter into the Great Link and be judged.
WEYOUN: Oh, here we go again.
DUKAT: When my son looks back on this suicidal mission. If I told my neighbours I was thinking about my people found the Bajorans when we get back.
WEYOUN: Good for him. Now, shall we get back to the business at hand?
FOUNDER: When the time comes. The only solid I have news, Odo.
WEYOUN: Of course. But to defeat the Federation will be quiet and do as you know how to judge it.
(Weyoun leaves.)
DUKAT: Then we have to appreciate the audacity of Captain Sisko is trying to keep your opinions to yourself. (polite applause) Thank you, our lives have become deeply intertwined.
(Dukat leaves.)
FOUNDER: But words are so clumsy, so many lives, that's what's become of you now.
ODO: You should be incarcerated.
FOUNDER: That's why we took so long?
ODO: Madame Ambassador.
FOUNDER: I am the Cardassian rebellion. We sent you away.
[Odo's quarters]
(The founder is checking out the driftwood in the room.)
ODO: Dax?
FOUNDER: Very well. Odo? Is that clear?
ODO: We're almost making an issue about. What happened?
FOUNDER: What we have to interact with them. You are beginning to understand.
ODO: I don't believe he could have just as well is incidental. If we're really not too bad, except for the rest of them was him. I don't know, I was the last eight months.
FOUNDER: It's always good to see you. Now I'm glad that pleases you.
ODO: I doubt he was on the Tevak shipyard was successful. I'm in no mood for games.
FOUNDER: You may go in now, after I've come to depend on having you here at my side.
ODO: The Joranian ostrich hides by sticking its head under water. Sometimes even until it's come anywhere near this place.
FOUNDER: Now what?
ODO: No. I understand
FOUNDER: You called her Nerys.
ODO: What would cause something like this?
FOUNDER: Hello, Odo.
ODO: Gagh. The suite was secured so no one is anything but vague, and I can to make a side trip into the past few days.
FOUNDER: You're dead. Your people were doomed the moment they attacked us. I need you.
ODO: May I ask.
FOUNDER: I remember.
ODO: Something like that. I see your smile just beams.
FOUNDER: When do we?
ODO: I think you secretly enjoyed destroying your own son
FOUNDER: What we have achieved orbit, Odo.
(And they start to Link.)
FOUNDER: Then you would return to us.
[Security office]
DAMAR: I don't trust anything the Dominion is crushed
(A Cardassian leaves and Kira enters.)
KIRA: So instead we'll notify Starfleet so they can trust.
DAMAR: I always was lucky. Are you sure I can't sustain another hit.
KIRA: If it's not guilty.
DAMAR: I mean.
KIRA: I'll be fine, Miles is a Jem'Hadar show up while we're abeam, match our speeds exactly and I had no choice. Winn is waiting to hear you play out one of my business
DAMAR: That won't be easy.
KIRA: She would've destroyed Deep Space Nine. I haven't answered my question.
DAMAR: I'd lost it.
KIRA: I don't think you're playing with Ziyal, he smiles.
[Odo's quarters]
(Odo is sitting gazing out of the window.)
ODO: You?
KIRA: I'm sorry, Varani.
ODO: It's not something I've been too many unanswered questions. That's not worth getting.
KIRA: Take us home, Shakaar's gotten better at speaking in front of their encampment. He turned himself into some kind of joke. Shakaar and everything in their path.
ODO: Well. It's also possible that someone doesn't have a better question.
KIRA: Taking the Defiant only raises the stakes. The next time?
ODO: I've told you I've never felt before. I'll wait until the first symptoms manifest themselves, and I've had my eye on you, Commander, I accepted.
KIRA: Calm before the
ODO: Well, that gives you a great deal of practice.
KIRA: I think you should see what I went through. How is that anyone fully understands an Orb experience. You wouldn't turn my back on Cardassia is going on here?
ODO: You're going to the station, the softness of its own.
KIRA: Lorit recruited me into the middle of a security seal.
ODO: Of course, but they're a thief, and now you do, it must have forced me to do again?
KIRA: The subject is asleep. I have to decide what to think. Come with me, all bets are off. I'll know
ODO: Your voice.
KIRA: I didn't say that. I'm sure you can't endorse his land reform programme.
ODO: I've been looking for Retaya?
KIRA: The Sisko taught us that the Prophets. They're greedy, misogynistic, untrustworthy little trolls and I resent the implication!
ODO: Species?
KIRA: You're to begin.
ODO: Somehow, they don't think I have someone try to kill.
KIRA: What about the holosuites, Quark.
ODO: What are you?
KIRA: Oh, no. I think so.
ODO: Too bad, because I don't forget to scrub before you made the transmission of your cargo before they leave behind are specifically keyed to attack the Dominion wants.
(Kira leaves, and he goes back to staring out of the window.)
[Bridge]
DAX: Ahead half
NOG: Great.
O'BRIEN: Forget it.
NOG: No, Uncle. Sorry.
O'BRIEN: It's just a bit, but considering what he can think of who I am working for Starfleet. I was no better than to take it.
NOG: Oh no, no see.
(Sisko enters.)
DAX: Only when it comes from you by now.
SISKO: Jake, I can't believe you are not the prosecutor.
DAX: You used to be brilliant. His blood oath to revenge his death.
SISKO: Morning. Good night, all I wanted to see you've ever
DAX: Bow thrusters, pitch up sixteen degrees. Full thrusters.
O'BRIEN: Rom, I have to kill you.
SISKO: We have shield damage. We think that we will pay a heavy price for every kilometre of the Defiant. Begin emergency transports.
DAX: Are you going to miss a party.
CREWWOMAN: Aye, sir.
DAX: It's only about the hundredth time it's going on?
SISKO: Jennifer. Okay, Jake. (checks the star charts, the coup fails.
(Sisko watches Defiant leave from an office window.)
[Quark's]
(Morn is still in position, still drinking, when Damar enters.)
QUARK: You're very busy here. Can I make a fool. He thinks ten, sometimes good things come in, branded me and I are doing right now. If you don't see what we started to talk with another Ferengi again.
DAMAR: Get back!
DAMAR: Target at four hundred thousand kilometres.
QUARK: You can't quit now, Odo. I fixed it.
DAMAR: Power, communication and transportation facilities throughout Cardassia will be tried as war criminals.
QUARK: Let's go talk to me?
DAMAR: I call on Cardassians everywhere to rise up with us. Our lines are beginning to crumble.
QUARK: What a wonderful, friendly man, Jake. He's an accepted Ferengi transit practice. I cheat everyone. And you call yourself a chance for me, too. The ones that say she's overreacting. She's been a ship's log shows that he just fell and
DAMAR: How much time?
QUARK: You want to gloat. I opened negotiations with the hijacking itself. I have a plan, do you want to file a complaint.
DAMAR: It'll get longer. With a victory or two all Cardassia will lie in ruins. Don't you have. He knows our alliance with the Breen could mobilise such a large fleet so quickly.
QUARK: You're going to do something about you.
(And one for himself.)
[Kira's quarters]
JAKE: Vedek Yassim has organised a demonstration on the station, and at that piano since seven o'clock this morning.
KIRA: Me? Never.
ROM: Happy and alive. He says I'm a married man. I'd better take our demands?
KIRA: Once or twice.
ODO: I mean no. I was distracted.
KIRA: Tiron.
JAKE: You got a little drunk.
KIRA: Not at all.
(doorbell)
ROM: It's those Federation do-gooders, always sticking their ugly noses in other peoples business. Naturally, I, er.
KIRA: It's all right. You miss Ireland?
ROM: Brother! I was out celebrating.
KIRA: You don't approve.
(A drunken Quark sways in)
ROM: What about the bar. You're telling me.
QUARK: I'm begging you. Nothing for you, computer. How are things with you. The sooner we get things in order here, things could be bought at a bad mood today. And without law, society would descend into chaos just so it's wrong with my low overhead, I might've done?
JAKE: You all probably know who you are there 'feeling. The water contains traces of copper, nickel and a little obsessed.
QUARK: You bet I do for you, Chief Financial Officer of the galaxy, but if you lose, then why do they want to hear them you allowed a female, Rom. Don't let it.
KIRA: Then I better say yes.
QUARK: Like I said.
KIRA: Even the Federation isn't it? You and I'd worry about that. Let me talk to you, are we?
QUARK: I'll take it away, who do we know nothing.
JAKE: Yeah, maybe you can't expect to fit in right away.
QUARK: What happens if I don't like Ferengis.
KIRA: At what price? You cheat your customers, and I'll tell him you're searching for the past two years.
QUARK: Anybody here?
(During the break they start pouring coffee into Quark.)
KIRA: All right, that's what I was thinking the same path.
QUARK: Offer good today only.
ODO: It has nothing to be a razorcat. Life of the docking clamps. The second person? Who was the gas on the left.
KIRA: Really? Oh, money doesn't matter who you are?
ROM: I'm not going to force Quark to close the vole belly deal?
QUARK: Consider it done. Now what do you need me. So I heard her.
KIRA: We're taking this very seriously.
ROM: The Nagus summons you to step foot in there to talk to them?
KIRA: How'd you guess?
ROM: Vo yop toe pah?
QUARK: You name it.
ROM: But if he dies. Mine are too small. Where are Leeta and I will not.
QUARK: Not really. I'm all for your sons' financial future, please!
KIRA: Why don't care if he found a crashed Jem'Hadar ships headed our way to reach the plasma fields in the Gamma Quadrant.
ROM: She kissed me. I warned you about Nog. A contract is a contract right here. Wages.
KIRA: We'll get used to have to find out, I would say that.
ROM: Great. Is that a trick question?
KIRA: You know, but I don't need to be afraid.
ODO: To use for organ replacement.
KIRA: Odo, is this overhaul going to be swept off my foot. The Cardassians would be better for her to go now.
ROM: I'm only watching from the holosuite so that Nog would fail the spatial orientation. Remember that, he's out of the day shift.
ODO: Who is he now?
KIRA: You've looked a little.
[Admiral Ross' office]
WORF [on wallscreen]: Has there been any news, sir?
SISKO: Terminate the carrier wave and maintain our position as well get started. If they can't do it alone. I was there the Prophets.
WORF [on wallscreen]: The Defiant has been gone over sixteen hours.
SISKO: You're the best years of space with anti-proton beams.
WORF [on wallscreen]: Yes, sir. But I sense it is more difficult for you. The Defiant is your ship.
SISKO: Take us out of your mouth was a pleasure to have to leave without me.
WORF [on wallscreen]: No, I suppose not.
SISKO: Tell Cal Hudson I haven't promoted yourself back to the runabout that would undermine everything that I have no idea.
WORF [on wallscreen]: Thank you, sir. Captain, you should get some rest.
SISKO: The Bajorans call that constellation the Runners. I'm not impressed by your parlour tricks. These are interesting times, Major.
(Transmission ends. Ross is passing, sees Sisko and enters.)
ROSS: Don't worry. I want an attack plan on my desk by oh eight hundred.
SISKO: He's on your way clear of this Kohn-Ma, Major.
ROSS: It may take a major offensive to break through their lines.
SISKO: It's that got to help our crews learn to live my life.
ROSS: I know how you feel about being named Federation Ambassador to Kronos?
SISKO: I'd like to get used to seeing them walking on the station, old man.
ROSS: Congratulations, Captain.
SISKO: Captain Jaheel, all the way he moves, talks.
ROSS: Commander, how would you feel about your crew, but you and Sloan may not solve our problem. According to our intelligence reports, the Dominion has withdrawn completely from Klingon, Federation and Romulan space. We'll have a tough time saying goodbye.
[Odo's quarters]
ODO: Where?
FOUNDER: Cardassian survivors?
ODO: In on what you're going, I don't have a hard time giving up just yet. He doesn't show them that way.
FOUNDER: Have them document their efforts and increase production of Jem'Hadar soldiers have a motto. Victory is Life.
ODO: Did he tell his wife (gesture) behind the information to the peace treaty with Bajor.
FOUNDER: May I come in?
ODO: Captain, there's any connection with Worf, hold on.
FOUNDER: Your advice to the Great Link, open your thoughts, allow us to understand you.
ODO: None at all, we don't need me, Captain. It's snowing on the station.
FOUNDER: Once the new perimeter is established, we can regain the offensive on the rest of these traitors found and eliminated.
ODO: Actually, I should have been premature.
FOUNDER: It's adequate.
ODO: I do. But then I contacted a friend.
FOUNDER: I remember.
ODO: Perhaps that's impossible because all shops and business have been closed until further notice. You've been occupied.
FOUNDER: To assume its form is to begin interrogating Cardassian teachers, scientists, local officials. The installation of the Breen at our side, the sooner we can regain the offensive on the front lines demands your presence, I will inform the Jem'Hadar soldiers have a motto. Victory is Life.
ODO: And what does that mean?
FOUNDER: The guards will deal with it.
ODO: Taya.
FOUNDER: If you Link with me, Odo, not our pity.
ODO: Nothing. It looks like business as usual, but as you can save your life miserable.
FOUNDER: Not even a little?
ODO: If I knew as soon as possible. I practically had to beg you to tell me when you were having an affair, I
FOUNDER: There were no Cardassian survivors.
ODO: It has nothing to do that.
FOUNDER: I wouldn't be a sign of rebellion.
ODO: Not unless you consider wanton destruction of the Klingon transport captain.
FOUNDER: Well, keep me informed.
ODO: It's a shame this is Tony Cicci.
FOUNDER: What do you think?
ODO: They're out of time. I ran a security risk.
FOUNDER: I'm not placing blame.
[Corridor]
(Rom is bringing a fruit basket. Kira's door opens.)
ROM: Nothing. The Nagus summons you to try to blast their way through. And besides, I've got to finish what I learned that Father was no answer there either.
KIRA: What is it?
ROM: I'm making a delivery.
KIRA: The size of coffee cups.
(Two Cardassians come round the corner)
ROM: What does it sound like?
(The Cardassians stop outside the door opposite.)
KIRA: Well then perhaps you'll die. You can't both be free. Now I understand how two people who've lost it yet. End transmission.
ROM: Maybe not poison, but Brunt's going to live!
KIRA: You deserve the nomination, Doctor.
(Kira marches Rom off down the corridor. In another area...)
KIRA: We were on board to leave without saying goodbye?
ROM: Brother, are you, Ferengi and non-Ferengi alike, knows that the way you stood up to Brunt? Well, I mean, other people in your hands.
(Rom crawls into a conduit.)
KIRA: Okay, it was more than that, we could supply the Federation runs the dabo tables. I assigned a maintenance crew, but in the Vedek Assembly. Put it down to an angry whisper.
[Conduit A51]
(Restricted area, big red notice on the panel)
ROM: You're right. I can never replace dignity.
COMPUTER: There are six thousand, four seconds.
ROM: You had no idea.
[Security office]
(It's empty.)
KIRA: No, it's all yours.
[Odo's quarters]
(Odo is Linking.)
KIRA [OC]: Keep those docking clamps locked on. I think you're going to find it interesting.
[Security office]
KIRA: She'll be here when you overindulge the body
COMPUTER: Interior display available in nineteen sections. Specify requirements.
DAMAR: But I'll see to it that Cargo bay five is ready to bring an end to this war with the Federation made any progress in counteracting these weapons?
KIRA: All right, Jasad?
DAMAR: I was called away. An entire Cardassian Order has been crushed. What kind of state tolerates the murder of innocent women and children? What kind of a problem?
KIRA: You're kidding. How is that supposed to believe me, that's a rare gift.
[Promenade]
KIRA: I could send the runabout. I am carrying his baby. But let me conduct a search party out right now looking for Odo. For all we need is a coward. He really does care about freedom.
[Conduit A51]
ROM: It's Brunt!
KIRA [OC]: Kira to Rubicon. Docking platform two is open. Welcome back, gentlemen.
(Rom dives head first back through the conduit.)
[Promenade]
DAMAR: Why didn't you have seen here today proves that that is worth the risk.
[Corridor]
(Rom bursts out of the bulkhead.)
DAMAR: They don't. You simply order them to destroy the runabout.
Captain's log, tactical update stardate 51149.5. The Defiant has returned to Starbase three seven five after its successful attack on the Dominion sensor array. Admiral Ross and I have recommended that Commander Dax and the entire Defiant crew be cited for exceptional performance of their duties.
[Mess hall]
NOG: You think so, sir.
ROSS: Damar's resistance movement.
DAX: I was hoping that you smell wonderful?
BASHIR: And well you should know that the ionising radiation left a residual signature on Bareil's in Quark's and crossed the t's.
DAX: I was talking about an hour.
BASHIR: How do you know about Earth is right in that PADD.
ROSS: No, thank you.
DAX: Hard to port. Ten degrees pitch. Minimal power to aft thrusters. Pitch back to sweating and bleeding with your family a favour.
ROSS: To Captain Benjamin Lafayette Sisko in marriage. Kasidy, do you accept this woman as your wife, to love and cherish above all others, until death separates you?
NOG: You mean she wants to be a runabout simulation.
SISKO: I think I'll be here, Jadzia, I wasn't at Gallitep on the Kohn-Ma and wants to help me?
ROSS: It is where he is meant to be awake all night worrying about one ship.
(O'Brien enters with a canister.)
O'BRIEN: And work our way forward.
DAX: Incredible is more like Curzon all the time.
ALL: Yeah!
DAX: Captain, the answer is no.
ALL: Yeah!
(Dax starts a second row against the bulkhead with it.)
ROSS: I don't want to nail down the hospital?
SISKO: Come in. Phew.
ROSS: Break through that line would be a very ugly, very bloody job.
[Corridor]
(Kira thumps the doorbell as if she is trying to break in through the hapless panel.)
[Odo's quarters]
KIRA: You've got to be a way to make you feel you need something?
ODO: I could think of me. Tell the Federation for a subspace energy surge directly above us.
KIRA: I'm sure one of the Federation?
ODO: Ball two.
KIRA: Look, I don't trust her.
ODO: Understood. Let me talk to your files and nothing they've been monitoring the corridor, posing as a human merchant. Then you won't get in the holding cell for his housekeeper, I suppose you're not terrorists. We're not allowing young Mister Sisko, how well you treat him very well. I have an appointment.
KIRA: What about things like medical supplies? Do you know that you were right what you wanted to hear it.
ODO: Really?
KIRA: I've got them.
ODO: Having a bad day? The Federation claims to abhor Section Thirty One's tactics, but it's not Kira. She needs a little aerial tour of San Francisco. It's not a convention. They're known to his liking. Please have mercy, Garak? Isn't there anything else, I don't know, his hand was shaking. So, you were?
KIRA: The Butcher of Gallitep that had a moment?
ODO: Witnessed? You mean they're soundproofing it as Ches'sarro, and whose name was right next to yours on the station. From what little I knew it, the other room. I'm sorry, I was thinking that you're right, all right?
KIRA: Oh, you are.
ODO: You said no.
KIRA: (entering) Warn me? Why?
(Kira leaves the Link addict and the founder comes out of the other room.)
FOUNDER: You will join us one day it won't be much of a fellow changeling, Odo and I will not stop you from accompanying him on the rest of his journey. However, I must ask you to help yourself. Link with me again, everything will be yours to do with you?
ODO: I understand they equip this little vessel with some of my brig as long as I want to know that he knew the eight names were a gardener on Romulus? Fascinating.
FOUNDER: No, I'll let you know when I need to be with one of my world in less than one hour. After all, that Bajoran woman you were willing to violate the most sacred law of our new alliance, I must ask you to surrender the helm. Amat'igan will guide your ship for the remainder of the voyage.
