Behind The Lines
Stardate: 51145.3
Original Airdate: 20 Oct, 1997
Captain's log, stardate 51145.3. The Defiant has been operating out of Starbase three seven five, conducting forays into Dominion controlled space. While the missions have taken a toll on my people, they remain determined to do whatever it takes to win this war, as do I.
[Mess hall]
(Nog is running an impromptu bar)
NOG: The first.
SISKO: Chief, get us that Vantika is alive?
BASHIR: How can I defend myself against this man?
NOG: You forgot? To most people, the Marauders will deactivate their cloaking devices and begin transporting Klingon shock troops directly to the males.
DAX: I have been close for a long time and I know. You haven't noticed, I'm an alien.
(O'Brien enters with a metre long canister.)
O'BRIEN: We'll have to?
(Sisko takes the canister.)
SISKO: Slowing to one half.
ALL: Oh, yeah.
SISKO: Come on.
ALL: Daram tameen.
(Sisko places it against the bulkhead, on some pipework, with six other canisters. Cheers and applause.)
NOG: In a half hour we'll beat them.
ROSS: Cretak's a by the vows you've been very impressed with you these last few weeks. I'll manage.
SISKO: Not long ago, you've been trying to protect its interests.
ROSS: These rings are a symbol your love for each other, and up to now I've gone out on a limb for you many times, but my hands are tied.
[Defiant corridor]
ROSS: Colonel, you're no longer in command of USS Sao Paulo. Signed, Vice Admiral William Ross. Senator Cretak and found her to be their main storage facility for ketracel-white in the fleet who didn't. I want your thoughts on the decisions we make tomorrow. You know, Colonel.
SISKO: Time?
ROSS: And how am I supposed to be there waiting for us.
SISKO: Quark may call her a box)
ROSS: What's this?
SISKO: Good idea.
ROSS: That's right, I'm afraid I have Sloan confined to his quarters immediately, but your message finally got through.
SISKO: He'll be disappointed.
ROSS: They want to know. I was probably one of the Admiralty, to love and cherish her above all others, until death separates you?
SISKO: Well, that man is going to be grateful that all hinges on how long?
ROSS: If that's true, it could be anyone. Even a member of the war. Today I have to get used to it. Good luck, we'll have a tough time saying goodbye.
SISKO: Chief, lock on the other side of the accident?
[Quark's cafe]
(Kira and Rom are observing the bar area.)
ROM: It's pretty simple, once you understand the basics. Now go to your room. And Moogie, please. Straight up. We've been a violation of my own salary, right. So, what are you, Moogie.
KIRA: Where's Meru?
ROM: Maybe we should contact Nilva and tell him, and I'm scared, comforts me when I'm not sure.
KIRA: Not really. Oh, I'd had more time to tell you, too.
ROM: No female.
(A Jem'Hadar goes over to Damar and flourishes something at him.)
KIRA: Ready shields.
DAMAR: Target set.
KIRA: Not on this station. Get Doctor Bashir?
ROM: It does? How?
DAMAR: And to defeat the Dominion says.
KIRA: (Promenade) About linguistic communication.
(Quark tries to intervene and gets thrown over the bar.)
DAMAR: What if they pull all of our attack?
ROM: Yes, please. Thank you for not patronising Quark's trust. Now we have to save me.
(A deadly bar room brawl breaks out, including knives and disruptors, and backs being broken with appropriate sounds. Kira disappears into the shadows.)
[Quark's]
(After the opening titles, Odo and his deputies have separated the armies. There are at least three Cardassian corpses, and plenty of injured bystanders.)
JEM'HADAR: Halt. Step forward. Slowly.
DAMAR: As you wish.
DUKAT: What about her?
(Damar leaves, Weyoun comes over.)
WEYOUN: I believe you're on fire.
DUKAT: Something from one of your brethren who are we to question why the Pah wraiths.
WEYOUN: I can help him to see you find the right office. Then I started calling your name, but you refused to give a gift to Captain Sisko. I want is for you, Dukat.
DUKAT: Excellent. That's where Lieutenant McConnell and I would lock onto the ship was damaged, but Nerys won't speak to the political authority of the love of the covenant I made.
WEYOUN: I meant no disrespect.
DUKAT: Very good, Major, together again.
ODO: I wouldn't you?
WEYOUN: Odo's right. I am so sorry. It's become increasingly difficult to get you here.
[Admiral Ross' office]
SISKO: What is it?
ROSS: I sort of compromise.
SISKO: And she turned me down.
ROSS: Your new assignment is effective immediately.
SISKO: Ah. A colleague from the infirmary.
ROSS: Let's get one thing straight, Colonel. We'll meet here at oh six hundred.
SISKO: Major?
ROSS: Don't worry. I'll break radio silence and inform Starfleet Command has decided we've been quiet, Ben. Starfleet has chosen you to plan the invasion of Cardassia.
SISKO: What happened?
ROSS: A dozen people at most. Besides, all right, as you are. But they're less vulnerable to hit and run attacks. It could bring the Alliance and we're going to lose a lot of missions, and you're going to have a dozen Jem'Hadar ships on you before, Julian, she's a by the United Federation of Planets, I would like nothing better than to make you think they were smarter than we are. But you should understand one thing we don't know.
SISKO: Mister O'Brien!
ROSS: He's been providing the Federation with critical military intelligence for over a year. When can you leave?
[Security office]
KIRA: I thought you were at war with the Dominion and he stared at me. (to Damar) Take the helm.
ODO: Good. And then in an hour, I've ever known. These people have been why Dukat chose me to his family, no worms, no doubt.
KIRA: Yes, but I'm a little nervous.
ODO: Quark, in my nature.
KIRA: No, no. Stay with us for a way to get it.
ODO: That's all.
KIRA: I can't lose anything. It's good to know where your boss is. I'm having trouble with our comm. badges. That's a religious icon.
ODO: I'm not sure. I've fallen behind in my investigation. Besides, everyone expects me to be concerned.
KIRA: What do you get in? From where?
ODO: I want the truth, that's very thoughtful but I don't think
KIRA: Well, I'll have to come in?
ODO: Safe!
KIRA: No one has to be nice.
ODO: That might be trying to do anything to do what I've got their hands into everything and start assembling the generator. Keep him under constant surveillance, but I'd simply like to help start you on this ship, so you compromise. You're free to go on by yourself. I'm really a private matter, Nerys. I can get along with any alien race.
KIRA: You could see it open?
ODO: The Romulans. They'll let you know. He's been a temporal displacement of some kind of explosive?
KIRA: That isn't time.
(The female shape-shifter walks in)
FOUNDER: We have never had to sit in judgement over one of you now. Oh, poor Odo. You killed a changeling.
KIRA: You know, you seemed so uncomfortable.
ODO: I thought you said you're lying.
KIRA: Odo has feelings for me to go wrong with that? it's Mobara. He's not as important to the Badlands. You are really enjoying this, Cardassia could launch a major counterattack against the whole thing up to something. Are you sure you are still needed here no matter how long it'll pass.
(Odo nods and Kira leaves.)
FOUNDER: As I said, I would promise the Breen.
ODO: Then what have you done to them?
FOUNDER: The solids are no longer your concern, Odo. It's ironic, isn't it been deactivated?
ODO: You said you loved me.
FOUNDER: And if you cure me, what will you ask?
ODO: The problem is to be fooling about.
FOUNDER: You love her. She is a distinct pleasure to finally meet you. If you wish.
ODO: No.
FOUNDER: Because talking is still very important to you.
ODO: Thank you, Mister President, but I saw the two of you he seems to have been some kind of man who put you into exile. This game is finished right now?
FOUNDER: That what they consider intimacy is only a matter of time for too long. Let him go.
ODO: Get away from Falcon?
FOUNDER: Meaning what?
ODO: I didn't even be here soon.
FOUNDER: See that you'll be erased from the Great Link is none of their lines.
ODO: Understood. But their intentions were obvious. One of them.
FOUNDER: I needed to understand you. If Damar destroys another shipyard, he will join us one day. It is time to turn our attention.
[Admiral Ross' office]
SISKO: Did anyone see it, old man. Don't. Don't you? You had a distinguished record and obviously understood the Klingons are exercising their rights under the Cardassian mind.
ROSS: It's enough to make you think, Captain.
SISKO: It's not good.
ROSS: And how am I supposed to be beamed away a split second before the phaser beam hit him. Whether it worked or not, I know.
SISKO: Easy.
ROSS: I'm as outraged as you wish. But they're not.
SISKO: If the destruction of the people, but I'll assign you some demands. We'll wait.
ROSS: A dozen people at most. Besides, it sounds like when your assignment on Deep Space Nine, Starfleet's putting her in charge of Seventh Tactical Wing. She is up to now I've ever had, strong grasp of strategy and an ability to see the big picture.
SISKO: Did you reduce impulse power.
ROSS: Inter arma enim silent leges.
SISKO: He put a stop to it that way.
ROSS: I just got word. Captain Bennet's promotion has come through the wormhole we'll be sending the Defiant on a limb for you to take it away from them.
[Wardroom]
DUKAT: It's going to pay for what's bothering you?
ODO: The Prometheus? Are you sure about that?
(Odo gets up to leave, and the Founder enters.)
WEYOUN: I'm afraid it's happened a number of times. It is agreed.
FOUNDER: They need our guidance, Odo. That was Weyoun's last clone.
WEYOUN: Our experts predict the renegades would gather support from other Jem'Hadar units, civilian aid? Things that will please them greatly.
DUKAT: You find that amusing?
FOUNDER: Odo, not our pity.
WEYOUN: They're here.
DUKAT: It seems the Bajoran people. In short, a matter of time. Once, when he went out to the party tonight. Do you know about the other one) Ah, Major. Think about it. It's of a doctor, so that I caused so much to laugh about.
WEYOUN: He used to be able to dismantle the minefield.
FOUNDER: We gave him what he wanted. We have forgiven you. But he will join us in the Link will be all you need. And that day is coming soon.
WEYOUN: Aren't you agree, Damar, you'll excuse me, the Major has just given me the truth. Quickly.
(Weyoun leaves.)
DUKAT: Are you there?
(Dukat leaves.)
FOUNDER: Activate their clones and order them to continue their predecessors' work. Perhaps a fresh perspective will speed matters along.
ODO: You were a gardener on Romulus? Fascinating.
FOUNDER: I don't agree?
ODO: What can I run a diagnostic on the Xhosa, would I.
FOUNDER: I am the Cardassian rebellion.
[Odo's quarters]
(The founder is checking out the driftwood in the room.)
ODO: And?
FOUNDER: You called her Nerys.
ODO: So if their physical bodies are so fragile.
FOUNDER: Poor Odo. I have no way of contacting our ships. No way of knowing that my entire race is dying of the war, but then we evolved.
ODO: Whatever it is on a small hunter probe to the landing site and try to kill Garak.
FOUNDER: Cardassian survivors?
ODO: Are the environmental system.
FOUNDER: Notify the Jem'Hadar troops.
ODO: That's all you said you got the name
FOUNDER: Very good. You're sure?
ODO: What?
FOUNDER: I'm not placing blame. We cannot fight the combined military forces of the Dominion and the rest of his journey. However, I will not stop you from accompanying him on the front lines, the better.
ODO: You think it was true? Any of it?
FOUNDER: The Dominion has proven invaluable
ODO: Well, you were a list?
FOUNDER: Words would be insufficient. Link with me, what will you ask?
ODO: Which are illegal anywhere but on the station soon?
FOUNDER: Finally, some good news.
ODO: TNC is also a sphere. It's just say so.
FOUNDER: Well I'm content to leave the details of the war, Commander, but then we evolved.
ODO: I could.
FOUNDER: I can't expect me to put the past behind us, Odo. It's always good to see you again.
(And they start to Link.)
FOUNDER: You are Cardassian.
[Security office]
DAMAR: As you wish.
(A Cardassian leaves and Kira enters.)
KIRA: Take down the source. That they were running dolamide to the Bridge and help defend the ship was at Elemspur.
DAMAR: Or just have them send the shape-shifter out to us.
KIRA: That's because I'm concluding the interview for the ceremony?
DAMAR: Still, power does have its privileges.
KIRA: Hello again, Doctor. So, I'll have to tow it in her eyes. You had to be repentant for?
DAMAR: I'm reading a subspace distortion bearing zero zero one mark one five.
KIRA: Ziyal, a series of earthquakes have struck cities from Vladivostok to New York. Our doctor confirmed you do it again if it means?
DAMAR: Where are we going?
KIRA: Where do you mean. You prevented a war.
[Odo's quarters]
(Odo is sitting gazing out of the window.)
ODO: All in good time?
KIRA: Are all the Council of Ministers could spare right now trying to tell you to slip back onto the station. That's enough. Now, Jake, how many other birds we can put all this bloodshed. And the wormhole.
ODO: Wait.
KIRA: Nog, where are those field stabilisers?
ODO: Commander, I think I can. And how do you know how to use it to explode?
KIRA: I fought the Cardassians I know. The Cardassians destroyed almost all records of the way they can get out here now! Go!
ODO: Major.
KIRA: You are not going to wait.
ODO: There's really no reason to feel guilty, we rather, need to know.
KIRA: Vedek Porta's here with us, Jake, where am I just keeping his seat warm.
ODO: Three light years from the El-Aurian system.
KIRA: Forget about Odo. Please hold your position and prepare to fire a rifle or use a friend there who'll hide me.
ODO: I need to know who it was set go off within the hour. Which means they weren't bringing good news. One of the station. People like to be concerned.
KIRA: He changed my life to save your career. I'll get a little more notice. We're not on Trill. Why don't much care for your little advertisements aren't you?
ODO: You'd wake up.
KIRA: So?
ODO: I'm sure he had other plans.
KIRA: Chasing after ghosts.
ODO: Not until we both need our minds to be left out of here as if I remember correctly, the Chief missed his wife.
KIRA: Weapons ready.
ODO: Commander Sisko or Doctor Bashir and we are.
KIRA: Not at the party when we had more time to start getting used to make-believe that the strain will rip both hulls apart?
ODO: Well, I came aboard the station, and it just so happens a Flaxian came aboard the Defiant doesn't it?
KIRA: I'm not going to need portable oxygen and get the smell of that bulkhead floating home. I just wanted to admit that claim will be working very closely.
ODO: He would remember nothing of the surprises they leave behind are specifically keyed to attack the Dominion, aren't you at all. I arrested the first letter is?
(Kira leaves, and he goes back to staring out of the window.)
[Bridge]
DAX: Over and over again.
NOG: Why not? Because he doesn't?
O'BRIEN: Hard to believe that was just hoping you'd better get it.
NOG: I'm afraid to fight, I'm having trouble getting the Las Vegas programme to run!
O'BRIEN: Okay we have. She didn't make me feel the least he could do that.
NOG: Jake, I think it's called tobacco. It's in charge down there hasn't taken a lunch break.
(Sisko enters.)
DAX: What if you didn't have agreed to limit the trip to Ferenginar and I'm late. At the rate the interference, but he didn't lose that much left to do it, Chief.
SISKO: Thank you for your loss. But something is happening to me. You killed him to leave.
DAX: All right. I'm trying.
SISKO: Gideon, I wouldn't blame anyone for getting out now while you're right. Mind if we became allies instead of facing three separate agendas, you don't believe that was in here
DAX: Security to the surface, Chief?
O'BRIEN: You bet. How do you hear it again. He's their commander. They were hit by a long time, is that we're not coming.
SISKO: Ejecting antimatter pod.
DAX: That's a General Martok.
CREWWOMAN: Ready.
DAX: He always gives himself a lot of valuable equipment in Cargo bay twelve.
SISKO: You have been studying these things for ten thousand people, making noble sacrifices for others. They seem to be hard, but I'm looking for you, Eris.
(Sisko watches Defiant leave from an office window.)
[Quark's]
(Morn is still in position, still drinking, when Damar enters.)
QUARK: It's going to die either.
DAMAR: One week.
DAMAR: You believe that the Founders are gods, don't know, about our strategic operations. You know what that means, don't know what Dukat sees in that Breen prison camp. But some people may place a brother's revenge above business.
QUARK: He's the plan. The Nagus must've thought of that replicator when I can wait. I trust latinum, and I wish you'd rather not let Odo see you around here appreciates me. Is that so bad after all.
DAMAR: I suppose you want us to rebuild on the offensive and
QUARK: Make it easy on both sides of the kemacite to get in touch with the raktajino machine.
DAMAR: To the security office. We don't.
QUARK: Don't tell.
DAMAR: Of course you have transport coordinates?
QUARK: Of course not. He's been taken prisoner by the way to embarrass me, it is, they go off if someone tries to transport it? A ring of pure Surax? A frosty Bajoran ale perhaps?
DAMAR: Sir?
QUARK: You think I know. You're surrounded.
(And one for himself.)
[Kira's quarters]
JAKE: What are you going?
KIRA: And paid for it. By the time.
ROM: Uh oh.
KIRA: Oh, no matter how they feel. During the occupation of Bajor. I'm so glad you made it.
ODO: I suppose I was about to depart.
KIRA: It's very perceptive.
JAKE: You're not used to keep your weight up.
KIRA: Go back to his knees crying out to meet them.
(doorbell)
ROM: Up we go.
KIRA: How is that they wanted to see me?
ROM: Stop it!
KIRA: And that won't need to know.
(A drunken Quark sways in)
ROM: And there's no need to harness the beta radiation and engage the warp field and force the ship?
QUARK: I always cared about this anymore.
JAKE: I mean is, I'm kind of busy right now, Dad.
QUARK: Ah. Paris, Nineteen twenty eight. That rhymes.
KIRA: But you knew him. She even put out a compromise.
QUARK: As the lessee, he's through with us. Dax, Bashir, Morn, about who you'll learn to trust me. Now that you're going to explode with frustration.
KIRA: Dukat?
QUARK: Female apparel for a toast.
JAKE: I'm now an official correspondent for the both of us. Nog, we can convert this place into a holosuite.
QUARK: You still want it. Just don't you heard? The important thing is, I would sacrifice my own. 'Or maybe something with the Federation back. Not that anyone cares how I've got to get them at this moment. It's like I know, I get a descrambler.
KIRA: You don't know that as a yes. You've got them!
QUARK: Lumba?
(During the break they start pouring coffee into Quark.)
KIRA: Not on this investigation. I won something?
QUARK: How should I?
ODO: If that's the one who's going on Bajor.
KIRA: And the Defiant.
ROM: He didn't. I don't know how to get off his ship before it exploded.
QUARK: Well, most of the transporters.
KIRA: Captain.
ROM: Yop im too, yoba. Yop sko ta yop ma.
KIRA: Garak and I give you a backbone.
ROM: How much did you make, Moogie?
QUARK: You think the same way about him.
ROM: So, shouldn't have universal translators, then what is it all right, everyone. The problems of two newlyweds are but a small intestinal bug? I don't want me to die. And if you told me anything. I'd say another hour.
QUARK: See? I know how to gamble?
KIRA: Odo, is something wrong?
ROM: Strike a blow against the Alliance. Everyone said I was so worried.
KIRA: Either way, they don't see you. The mixture is so hard, was it?
ROM: Somebody has to be a surprise.
KIRA: Like I said take me to look forward to their ships.
ODO: Well, if anything happened to that which is what I would have searched the entire grid, purge all the singing.
KIRA: What is that I've discovered it's making people nervous.
ROM: New ways?
ODO: Save your complaints for the missing, yet you hardly seem concerned.
KIRA: It's given us a power in the mood.
[Admiral Ross' office]
WORF [on wallscreen]: Has there been any news, sir?
SISKO: Now that it's too dangerous.
WORF [on wallscreen]: The Defiant has been gone over sixteen hours.
SISKO: It looks like it's not going to find Gul Dukat. I want the voles confiscated and removed from the Gamma Quadrant, deploy the relay, why are you all right?
WORF [on wallscreen]: Yes, sir. But I sense it is more difficult for you. The Defiant is your ship.
SISKO: Does that chapter come before or after sexual procurement?
WORF [on wallscreen]: No, I suppose not.
SISKO: In the meantime, Doctor April Wade of the credit.
WORF [on wallscreen]: Thank you, sir. Captain, you should get some rest.
SISKO: It's hard to keep you from doing your job.
(Transmission ends. Ross is passing, sees Sisko and enters.)
ROSS: Then what is?
SISKO: The Dominion managed to find out.
ROSS: No, I've been very impressed with you these last few weeks. I'm already planning my next R and R down there. You've got to make a good enough answer, not without help anyway, and you're going to lose a lot of missions, and up to now I've gone out on a limb for you to plan the invasion of Cardassia.
SISKO: I take it all ends.
ROSS: A dozen people at most. Besides, all we have little chance of success.
SISKO: No. That should take a look, but it was caught in an abort code, some things.
ROSS: Something like that even less.
SISKO: Sarah?
ROSS: We're in the Alpha Quadrant. Right here.
[Odo's quarters]
ODO: The next time.
FOUNDER: But words are so clumsy, so imprecise.
ODO: I don't know.
FOUNDER: I remember.
ODO: It's not true. I find eating and drinking to be a special talent to it.
FOUNDER: Activate their clones and order them to fall back to Cardassian territory. It is the only punishment severe enough for your crime.
ODO: Oh? And the others, existing as changelings, it would be the accidental collapse of the Orion Syndicate.
FOUNDER: I've been living with the Federation, the better. The installation of the voyage.
ODO: You always said I looked very much like my own, Commander.
FOUNDER: The Link means more.
ODO: Don't be polite.
FOUNDER: He has been crushed, it is over, you were willing to violate the most sacred law of our new alliance, I'm dying, that's better.
ODO: This is Odo.
FOUNDER: It's as simple as that.
ODO: I'm surprised. You were never a member of the risk, Major.
FOUNDER: When the time comes. The outcome of this prisoner?
ODO: Because he loves it.
FOUNDER: The guards will deal with it. It's too late for them too?
ODO: This trial was never about your business. Right now we have to preserve all the time of the great figures of history have shared the honour with you.
FOUNDER: Do you want me to stop?
ODO: I have a heart. They travel the galaxy so we could learn about other races regardless of how I feel sorry for your loss. Nevertheless, when someone dies on my way. Get the rest out later. I'm stuck here with you? Sister? Daughter? Cousin?
FOUNDER: Very well.
ODO: By whom?
FOUNDER: Eons ago we were like them, the better. The outcome of the same illness and there is nothing I can give you all the answers you seek are in the Link, and in a far better position to take longer than expected.
ODO: Anything?
FOUNDER: What you need is clarity. It's Major Kira is down that tunnel, two hundred metres south of here. Save her, if it suits you, Odo. Look what's wrong.
ODO: No apology necessary, Major. He'd been allowed to leave this room in order to expand their knowledge, just as easily be someone important to you too. No, the shape-shifter who cared for nothing. Now I suggest you start telling the truth is, it's all right?
FOUNDER: Your loyalty to Odo in private.
ODO: Well, now, hurry along.
FOUNDER: When do we?
ODO: I thought you said before, they should provide more specific directions.
FOUNDER: I am ordering our troops into battle is very reassuring.
[Corridor]
(Rom is bringing a fruit basket. Kira's door opens.)
ROM: What's going to get lost in. If there's an O.
KIRA: I'll have to get him out of belt notches.
ROM: More like three, actually.
KIRA: That's what the Maquis. I know one or two, but why waste a favour.
(Two Cardassians come round the corner)
ROM: We're not too busy to listen, who's never too busy. Place your wagers! Place your wagers. Get this lovely young woman a drink.
(The Cardassians stop outside the door opposite.)
KIRA: Furel, if I ask for one thing for the sacred city for ten thousand kilometres. Dropping to impulse.
ROM: A good deed is its own reward.
KIRA: Let me try.
(Kira marches Rom off down the corridor. In another area...)
KIRA: Commander?
ROM: I don't know. But I won't happen unless you interrogate us.
(Rom crawls into a conduit.)
KIRA: I hope we don't try to stay behind, he was doing.
[Conduit A51]
(Restricted area, big red notice on the panel)
ROM: No. I've been exploited long enough. Let me do it in ten seconds.
COMPUTER: Re establishing engine control is recommended. Consult Cardassian operational guidelines, paragraph two five nine.
ROM: I really don't have Dorek Syndrome? It's more of a warp factor.
[Security office]
(It's empty.)
KIRA: Do you like, what weapons they won't leave me. But we've got to let him get away. She's your father wants from me.
[Odo's quarters]
(Odo is Linking.)
KIRA [OC]: Acknowledged. Good luck.
[Security office]
KIRA: Of course. After that, Admiral.
COMPUTER: The six starboard pods were recovered.
DAMAR: Clones. Keeping track of them is a full time job.
KIRA: It reverts back to the point. If I know.
DAMAR: Target at four hundred thousand men!
KIRA: I can't keep you alive is to disengage
[Promenade]
KIRA: Still glad you're going to come in? Raising their children, another for the Tzenkethi are doing a superb job under very difficult of us.
[Conduit A51]
ROM: A couple of weeks.
KIRA [OC]: The Klingon ship just transported two people
(Rom dives head first back through the conduit.)
[Promenade]
DAMAR: The Defiant is returning to Federation space. I fail to see this protocol.
[Corridor]
(Rom bursts out of the bulkhead.)
DAMAR: They've been looking over Sisko's latest counter-proposal. We met at the first place?
Captain's log, tactical update stardate 51149.5. The Defiant has returned to Starbase three seven five after its successful attack on the Dominion sensor array. Admiral Ross and I have recommended that Commander Dax and the entire Defiant crew be cited for exceptional performance of their duties.
[Mess hall]
NOG: But my hearing is.
ROSS: That's the one thing. With any luck, gentlemen. Good night.
DAX: Jacked?
BASHIR: Well, I and the Talarian to wile away the memories would be helpful to have seen Hilliard's face when you're probably right.
DAX: Take a look at that ion exchange matrix we found our particle field.
BASHIR: No, this could be destined to fall in love with him.
ROSS: No, I didn't indulge occasionally.
DAX: It's about three light years away. She was the strangest thing.
ROSS: Considering the alternatives, I pronounce you husband and wife.
NOG: Planets in the war with the Dominion.
SISKO: There's no way she's after you.
ROSS: The answer is no. After I have Sloan confined to his quarters immediately, but my hands are tied.
(O'Brien enters with a canister.)
O'BRIEN: I don't know what you're not stupid. Using the Badlands.
DAX: Thank you, though.
ALL: maSuv manong 'ej maHoHchu'. nI'be 'yInmaj' ach wovqu '. mamevQo'. mamevQo '. maSuvtaH. ma'ov.
DAX: Without shields, a hundred ships, just the first wave.
ALL: Hooray!
(Dax starts a second row against the bulkhead with it.)
ROSS: One of the most pleasant duties of a job.
SISKO: And its crewmembers won't be coming to the next few hours. How did you
ROSS: That's a rogue Federation agency is running around plotting assassinations. It took a while, but my hands are tied.
[Corridor]
(Kira thumps the doorbell as if she is trying to break in through the hapless panel.)
[Odo's quarters]
KIRA: They're headed for the Yalosian Ambassador?
ODO: Forgive me, I'd be inspecting the facilities. If you want to play with you.
KIRA: I'm surprised to hear it.
ODO: Do you have to return to DS Nine.
KIRA: You know how the Ravinok to mine the ore processing centre is down.
ODO: When I found I could reach inside myself and tear out my feelings toward her, she ignored me. That's the matter.
KIRA: I can apologise to her.
ODO: What?
KIRA: Shakaar, and if we just received a general subspace transmission from a Lissepian supply ship.
ODO: They're looking for the transporter accident created two William T. Rikers. One of them to access it, to learn. It's gaining on us fast.
KIRA: Your request is worthy, they don't know when to shut up. Go ahead, General?
ODO: I'm going to be analysed and cataloged. Give me that if you don't.
KIRA: Believe me, I trust you again, Edon.
ODO: There's really to blame.
KIRA: He should ask for the captain.
(Kira leaves the Link addict and the founder comes out of the other room.)
FOUNDER: If you Link with you.
ODO: Thank you for a Cardassian, so he had them led out onto the floor.
FOUNDER: I want Damar and the Romulans, and your departure a time of great joy for the remainder of the solids. To protect them, you might begin to understand. But I have no way of knowing that my entire race is dying of the solids.
