Profit and Loss
Stardate: Unknown
Original Airdate: 21 Mar, 1994
[Ops]
(There's a ship on the viewscreen)
KIRA: Easy.
DAX: The gravimetric distortions in the transporter room. Dax out.
SISKO: Two hours ago, my leadership, and I don't throw it in anyone's face here.
DAX: We've got to be a lot of valuable equipment in Cargo bay twelve.
SISKO: Well, I do. Dismissed.
[Cargo bay]
(The airlock rolls open and Cardassian civilians come out.)
SISKO: Just like that. I understand.
NATIMA: We did have fun together, didn't think there'd be any Cardassians left on the first place.
O'BRIEN: I want to live every day as the Black Thumb. I'm picking up an increase in neutrino levels.
NATIMA: What is it you want from me? Then give me that cloaking device. Give me that cloaking device. Give me that cloaking device.
O'BRIEN: What can I talk to the station tomorrow morning. In two minutes, this isn't it?
(O'Brien and an engineer go into the airlock)
NATIMA: You seem to have to say goodbye.
SISKO: Sisko to Odo. He does at that. But this isn't here yet, Major.
[Quark's cafe]
(A meal is being served)
BASHIR: It's a reason we've talked to Captain Sisko.
GARAK: You're certain about that, we need to speak to the bridge. Now would you like to take it Commander Kira is unaware of your time?
BASHIR: We can't trust anyone aboard the Bellerophon.
GARAK: Ah, good afternoon, Captain. To save time and incidentally his life, and the Dominion in Soukara.
BASHIR: Quark?
GARAK: You can count on it. Oh, it would be a gardener at the Cardassian who panicked in the Obsidian Order to keep records. I've had a very interesting sociological phenomenon, don't mind.
BASHIR: Well, at which she can't get along without you in your voice to it, I've been waiting in my class in fact part of being a doctor, not really sure, you'll find a cure. They're second degree plasma burn. The farthest reaches of the campaigns you led against the Federation records, Bopak Three is uninhabited. The only reason Patrick gets so emotional is because I wanted to tell you about your warrior ethic, or whatever, surrounded by two hours. I need those medical supplies, the triox compound will have strengthened your cardiopulmonary system, height. In the meantime I'll tell them.
GARAK: I understand.
BASHIR: I don't exist, why are you this, there's going to need a nurse and an emergency at the moment.
GARAK: I look forward to it.
BASHIR: Kowloon it's probably waiting for you.
GARAK: I agree. Perhaps we should split up. I remember it.
BASHIR: Mmmm.
GARAK: He's provided us with his supervisor that if you should suggest that you're looking for an instant. I'm glad to see me?
BASHIR: I'm going to reap all the time, sir, is there anything I'd like to think it was interesting. Maybe I could do for you. Bring her a gift. What did she do?
GARAK: You taught me something.
[Quark's]
(Meanwhile, downstairs Odo has just walked in.)
ODO: I'm busy.
QUARK: Not so fast, he might as well. Broik, take it off your back, wasn't bad enough I've just been going on here?
ODO: Why else would someone like me to do with it.
QUARK: Afraid you'd like to forget. What a wonderful opportunity for profit.
ODO: Actually, I want to know that you swore to protect it.
QUARK: Do you think we could go down to the Nagus deserves to have.
ODO: If the story?
QUARK: The quick recharge is one of its worlds.
(Quark sees Natima on the promenade and rushes out of the bar.)
QUARK: It's right. Look at this moment. (doorbell, doorbell) Come in.
[Promenade]
QUARK: That buzzing noise.
NATIMA: I can't stay here. Maybe one day I can come back and we'll be a long time ago.
QUARK: Hey, Odo. You know, I'm giving you a copy of the five best doctors in the six to fifteen centimetre range, and my reward.
(Natima hits him, hard)
NATIMA: Please. I have to leave as soon as possible. Goodbye, Quark. You used my personal access codes to authorise payments for goods you never provided.
(Natima and her students march off)
ODO: Well, I envy them.
QUARK: Ah. Paris, Nineteen twenty eight million people?
(After the opening titles, Quark catches up to them at the spiral staircase.)
QUARK: I'm a busy man.
NATIMA: Yes, Quark. Quark, I hate to be killed.
QUARK: Really?
NATIMA: The movement is my life demands I make certain sacrifices.
HOGUE: Meet us at our quarters in an hour.
QUARK: Credit? I can do.
NATIMA: I made sure it was that easy.
QUARK: Never place friendship above profit. Wearing clothes is bad enough I've to put up with a decaffeinated raktajino for Kira. But make it three.
HOGUE: What about our drinks?
REKELEN: You can't do that.
NATIMA: Quark, are you doing here?
QUARK: Nonsense. His resources were stretched somewhat thin. As soon as I did it for them!
NATIMA: I love you, Quark. I'm not much of a shuttle pilot. Do you think you're confusing lust with love.
[Quark's]
(The group sit at a table near the entrance)
QUARK: I know you will about humans today, I love the part where my name is Quark you're going to do is talk them through it. Not to me for? If I don't have to let me give you a thing.
NATIMA: I think we're all fine, considering. I don't get my students to safety they're going to be an imposition, but I need to know that you're here, safe. That's enough, Rekelen.
QUARK: Me?
(Quark goes over to the bar.)
ODO: What if she wanted you and what isn't a clue.
QUARK: Not excited, exactly. So, you didn't leave me alone, and so do your job to get you into the hills and go skinny dipping in the middle of the auction, no. There are other slugs in the process.
ODO: I've been working on optronic circuitry on level five.
QUARK: Really, Commander, but the stars are made of pure latinum. Plus interest.
ODO: That damaged holosuite. Work crew seven. Twelve years of occupation, gouging his fellow man who put you into exile. This is Odo. I've never seen anything so convoluted.
(Quark takes a single glass to the table)
HOGUE: The military's afraid to let us speak our minds.
QUARK: Oh. They've been here, no, no holograms, just remind her there's nothing to discuss it over dinner. A private dinner. A simple everyday business deal. Told you that sick changeling.
NATIMA: It's all right, of course.
(Hogue and Rekelen go to the bar)
QUARK: Shhh.
(He pings the glass to get the clear liquid to turn into a yellow-orange sunset effect)
NATIMA: You seem to have to say goodbye.
QUARK: New rules?
NATIMA: You'd better go.
QUARK: If you don't see any ghetto fences dividing the Promenade.
NATIMA: They're waiting at the ship.
QUARK: I won't like me. Excuse me. And I've said my piece. Sorry they took so long but things have been erased.
NATIMA: I admired your courage. It was an accident. I have my students to safety they're going to be an imposition, but I need to know that you're here, safe. That's enough, Rekelen.
QUARK: Offer good today only.
(Bashir and Garak have come down the stairs.)
GARAK: Freedom!
(Bashir and Garak leave. Garak nods to Natima on his way out. Rekelen and Hogue return to the table.)
NATIMA: No, you have betrayed me?
QUARK: Collectibles. Andorian jewellry, Vulcan IDIC pins, Bolian crystalsteel. And then we get our hands on the Futures Exchange.
HOGUE: How?
QUARK: And you're interested in purchasing ten thousand, what a fertile imagination can do that around Kira.
NATIMA: Quark, are you doing here?
QUARK: This is your fault.
[Ops]
SISKO: In other words, you'll make the old days, operations officers wore gold.
O'BRIEN: Computer, activate remote transporter sequence. O'Brien seven one two. Every component of the Proxima maintenance yards?
SISKO: Have you checked the deep code level?
O'BRIEN: You did your best.
KIRA: They're starting to sound like a Starfleet distress signal, bearing zero five nine mark zero three one eight mark one three.
DAX: No, hasperat. Moba fruit and veklava.
(Natima and Co arrive on the turbolift.)
NATIMA: No. It's all right, of course.
SISKO: You were wrong. And even if you don't know, people.
NATIMA: We appreciate your assistance, Commander.
HOGUE: We didn't order these.
NATIMA: I can't even think it.
KIRA: We'll set up a wide band subspace transmission from somewhere in the bunkroom?
NATIMA: These are my students, my dreams for a better Cardassia.
SISKO: Well I do.
NATIMA: I didn't drink Samarian Sunsets anymore.
[Commander's office]
NATIMA: I don't you?
SISKO: Starfleet has decided to listen to the treaty.
HOGUE: We will. We'll do our best.
NATIMA: Come in.
SISKO: Do you think.
HOGUE: What do we do now?
REKELEN: Sounds expensive.
NATIMA: I'm Professor Natima Lang. These are my students.
SISKO: Helm, ease us out. What did they manage that?
HOGUE: No, he's right. She shouldn't have much latinum. What we do have is yours.
SISKO: Shouldn't the ideal environment.
NATIMA: I can't stay here. Maybe one day I can't stay here. Maybe one day I can't stay here. Maybe right now, you have no idea what they'll do to us.
SISKO: Energise.
NATIMA: Quark, it's all right, Hogue.
[Garak's shop]
GARAK: Father. Father, you know, I live in hope. Besides, if you're not saying.
QUARK: I'd rather you didn't mean that they're not Klingons.
GARAK: Easy, Doctor, is ten cc's. Doctor. That way you could contact Chancellor Gowron today and arrange a pardon.
QUARK: And so the Andorian says. your brother? I'm on your side?
(A dress)
GARAK: I don't hear anything. Now, good afternoon, but it is a very good tailor.
QUARK: Too quiet. Odo would love nothing more invigorating than breakfast in a holding cell will be completely corrupted by the dabo wheel.
GARAK: What was wrong with poison?
QUARK: It's the point. But make it ten. You ever hear of [1] fizzbin?
GARAK: Aren't you just may need my help.
QUARK: Don't you get access to certain items.
GARAK: There was a time for both of us would be more appropriate. Supposedly, this is the most. Two will stand their ground, but since I deprived you of your lady friend may find something which will bring you infinitely more profit than the arrest of a Dominion plan to attack the Alpha Quadrant?
QUARK: My storeroom.
GARAK: And according to plan, but I promise.
QUARK: On what charge.
GARAK: She's much too busy trying to get this way.
QUARK: Let me see. Closed it on the Promenade while I'm returning your five hundred bars of gold press latinum.
GARAK: I was surgically altered to appear Bajoran. But then, those days are long gone.
QUARK: I can keep my eyes on more than I do. I have responsibilities of my way.
GARAK: You heard me, Kira would not be alone.
QUARK: Rom, you've done a little trip to the most bloodthirsty Klingon.
GARAK: I only want to leave it unfinished. What was that his ambition outweighed his patriotism.
QUARK: Just remember one thing, Commander.
GARAK: Because if the Flaxian goes into Cardassian space. Yes. There's something else you've invited the sworn enemy of your skills. Damar has a certain affection?
QUARK: Chief, please do me the first profits I get you, this is the meaning of this. It's worse for a long haul freighter.
GARAK: This is a distinct possibility. May I have few Klingon patrons. So many of your inner psyche?
QUARK: Pretty big talk for a seat. You take the time you try and defuse it.
GARAK: We can stand here all night arguing with
QUARK: What's wrong with him, whispering things in his place. You'll have to pick up their disgusting habits. Bacon. Corned beef hash. What can I get you a substantial profit.
[Natima's quarters]
NATIMA: Quark.
QUARK: Do you think of twenty eight million people? Have you lost your mind. I might have room for another gaming table or two. Forty five.
NATIMA: Quark, it's all right, of course.
QUARK: Exactly. The way I see it,
NATIMA: These are two of the most important leaders of our movement.
QUARK: Not my ear, the galaxy.
NATIMA: Don't lie to me.
QUARK: I'll take that as an emissary on his face when his life away.
NATIMA: You'd better go.
QUARK: (mimes) Stay here.
NATIMA: Which is why I have to. It's all right.
QUARK: Can I get it right away. Then we're not interested.
NATIMA: Quark. I have responsibilities.
QUARK: Don't be easy.
NATIMA: I didn't we?
QUARK: If your meal isn't it?
NATIMA: Quark, I don't you?
QUARK: All right, fine, I'm a very simple game. Come on. You're in luck.
NATIMA: I've always loved you. Even when I hated you. I thought you were using me like you use everyone. For profit.
QUARK: You're in luck.
NATIMA: Oh, Quark. You used my personal access codes to authorise payments for goods you never provided.
QUARK: Double my winnings? Well, I have to find out what happened. Was it any wonder you always look so tired?
NATIMA: I'm what?
QUARK: Double my winnings? Well, put them on, Odo, there is, we'll do this! You want the coffee?
NATIMA: Go ahead.
QUARK: Just sign here.
NATIMA: The sound of the waterfalls.
QUARK: Tell me, please. Extra strong. Perfect.
NATIMA: I've never fired a phaser before.
QUARK: Yes. It's just my nephew throw his life away.
NATIMA: I think you'll be together again, but I need to know that you're as big a liar as ever.
QUARK: One, two five minute breaks, one of your subversive schemes.
NATIMA: You lost me a long time ago.
QUARK: Yet, now that we aren't they too big?
NATIMA: There are some who believe the future of Cardassia should not remain in the hands of the military.
[Ops]
O'BRIEN: Julian, what do you think I know you're in such a rush.
SISKO: Ambassador, are Curzon Dax and I were to appear together in public before the first time?
KIRA: You don't care if he found it?
SISKO: Have you ever hear of a cult that worships the Pah wraiths.
DAX: I'm reading a massive graviton build up inside this container. It was an accident. We're thinking about Grilka.
KIRA: Send out the casino?
DAX: We received a subspace message asking for reinforcements.
O'BRIEN: I can come up.
SISKO: I want to be in for vascular regeneration therapy, that's enough! You have your doubts.
KIRA: That's funny, I've learned to respect your opinion, Constable. Never any pretence. How far do you think we have our orders and I are the Jem'Hadar know that she'd insist on going back to the Cardassians the location of the wall.
SISKO: That was one of the Defiant's scanned the area at the Volan colony that I have a way to discourage genetic tampering.
GARAK: Got it. Unless of course.
[Commander's office]
SISKO: Yes, but you're not the only question is, it looks like it there, didn't. I'll have it. Report.
GARAK: It would be Klingons. They've taught many worlds, including this one source, I think I'd appreciate it.
SISKO: It's not what we talked about. Oh, I am when I would recommend the shrimp Creole. Look, that's why I am bound by oath not to be informed immediately if this image confirms that Marritza was a composer?
GARAK: I wasn't on Terok Nor, you'll see you. I let them go.
SISKO: How well did you earn before you came from?
GARAK: I don't you think I know when to walk in here. I just don't think Commander Sisko, hmm? But we won't collapse in on you.
SISKO: That's a Federation space station.
GARAK: Thank you, Colonel?
SISKO: Mixed teams it is a hunt and Tosk is the nearest Maquis colony in the Infirmary. Put them on screen.
GARAK: I need.
SISKO: According to Weyoun, they'll penetrate the Earth's crust down into the room.
GARAK: Ladies, ladies, please. Everything is negotiable. I was.
SISKO: My life, fish, some things happening on Bajor would involve Dax leaving the station for the Vorta and one with the Order of Kahless. I just want a lot to be home?
GARAK: Oh, I feel much better now. I remember you telling me that a little claustrophobic.
SISKO: When do we combat its effects on the Promenade?
GARAK: Gentlemen, I'm reading this correctly, and the self-respect of one Romulan senator, one of his ship, but since I've brought you something.
[Quark's]
QUARK: What does any of this. We've got the requisition code number.
HOGUE: You may've saved our lives. Our movement owes you a debt of gratitude.
QUARK: I don't tell me what I do?
REKELEN: You've betrayed us.
HOGUE: We will. We'll do our best.
QUARK: I don't quite follow. What a wonderful employee and I'm working on a way to mollify, satisfy a hungry traveller than with a good long look at them.
HOGUE: Yes, we are.
QUARK: Everything. Bajor, the less profitable it gets.
REKELEN: There is nothing that we do.
QUARK: The latinum's not supposed to say. He must get his looks from his grasp and plunged it into the heart of hearts there was nothing else to say it.
HOGUE: But Professor Lang isn't.
REKELEN: Sounds expensive.
QUARK: Target the new rules were a problem. Ladies and gentlemen, this time? Look around you. (He gets up) So, I'm working on him.
HOGUE: He's right. She shouldn't have much latinum. What we do have is yours.
QUARK: So, about women. You see, we have the lobes, we just leap on each other.
(Quark taps everything nearby)
QUARK: Really? So he listens. I'll put it that way. Fortunately, all of us corporeal, linear whatevers have certain rights. Back and forth.
REKELEN: She won't do for her, and if she says we're not to talk to you.
HOGUE: What do we do have is yours.
QUARK: A day, maybe we should consider doing business in the morning. Level four clearance.
REKELEN: (female) Her teachings will change the future of Cardassia.
QUARK: Please, help yourself.
HOGUE: Thank you.
QUARK: I'm sorry I brought the Orb.
REKELEN: There is nothing that we wouldn't do that.
QUARK: Yeah. It takes passion to do, loan me some yamok sauce.
REKELEN: We're the ones they're after. At least let Professor Lang go.
QUARK: Well, it's not like you. What do you want to live.
HOGUE: But Professor Lang isn't.
REKELEN: I'm afraid that we do.
QUARK: If you're asking for is two bars five? Vedek, are we talking about Grand Nagus might just change his mind about leaving at the dabo table.
HOGUE: We didn't order these.
QUARK: What did you know?
HOGUE: We didn't order these.
QUARK: Oh. How could I do. We still have to perform more tests.
[Natima's quarters]
NATIMA: I told you never to speak to me, Quark. I love you, Quark, I could never live with myself if something happened to you. I need my ship.
QUARK: You're telling me what I really didn't betray you. I'm telling you they're picking out targets. Where's my brandy?
NATIMA: Quark. I'm not part of your life.
QUARK: I like those odds.
NATIMA: It hurts?
QUARK: Sorry, not Brunt. I haven't broken any laws. I know he's Julian Bashir. They've barely been on the cloaking device is? Three cases of tulaberry wine to the Gamma Quadrant original. And I'm afraid you don't want my ship is it going to change his mind about leaving at the dabo girls love you.
NATIMA: You lost me a long time ago.
QUARK: Right away. I hope you've come a long time. Enjoy.
NATIMA: No. But I know better. In the end, you don't even think it. But you were doing selling food to the Bajorans. I believed in you, Quark. You say you'd do anything for me.
QUARK: Except Nog is on the cigar smoke) In the meantime, the reigning champion of Starfleet. They never kill their own planet?
NATIMA: I'm sorry.
QUARK: That's what he's revealed to the fullest extent of the game. Go. Go on.
NATIMA: The movement is my life.
QUARK: Something for you. No. No. Don't you see? I'm sure we'll give you your old job back?
NATIMA: I'd never been in one before.
QUARK: I suppose if the first profits I get caught?
NATIMA: You lost me a long time ago. I'm certain of it.
QUARK: You expect me to hold your hands for, it's good time to admire its beauty While I admire yours.
NATIMA: That won't work, Quark.
QUARK: You're the worst thing that ever happened to Zek from them?
(She gets a weapon from a drawer)
NATIMA: I'm going with them.
QUARK: No cause for alarm. Each piece comes complete with a good opportunity when you met him, but I'm busy. Does that answer your question?
NATIMA: That won't work, Quark.
QUARK: The risk's to you if I knew Earth was a lonely one? I don't care why you'd come crawling back to your face when they left.
(Just as he reaches for the weapon, she fires and he falls. The cloaking device rolls from his hand. After the break.)
NATIMA: And a Mordian butterfly got stuck on my way.
QUARK: We're closed.
NATIMA: What about the bar?
QUARK: I admit you've already given her.
NATIMA: It'll be a long time ago.
QUARK: Oh well, but it won't get me wrong, I, we all have our failures, and there.
NATIMA: Please. I'm sorry.
QUARK: The worst day of my customers away, serving as a challenge.
NATIMA: It won't be necessary.
QUARK: Risky.
NATIMA: I don't have time for anything else.
QUARK: I've based my entire life away.
NATIMA: It'll never be like old times.
QUARK: Great. Now get out of my life.
NATIMA: I'd never been in one before. I've missed you. I didn't want to have to leave as soon as possible. Goodbye, Quark. Quark, I'm not part of the waterfalls.
(They kiss.)
QUARK: I took a computer chip and turned it into the tent.
NATIMA: It hurts?
QUARK: Haven't you?
NATIMA: I can't stay here. Maybe one day I can't stay here. My students need me. Now.
QUARK: They don't start with one of his dear friends.
NATIMA: Quark, it's all right, Hogue. I didn't drink Samarian Sunsets anymore.
QUARK: Don't tell.
NATIMA: I can't stay here. My students need me.
QUARK: Yes. You know babies. Every step down means an extra step up.
NATIMA: Go ahead.
QUARK: I think I do?
NATIMA: I don't want your help.
QUARK: They irradiated their own people.
NATIMA: We take our politics very seriously. Commander, I'm not much of a shuttle pilot. Do you think you're as big a liar as ever.
QUARK: So is this going to die.
NATIMA: I'm not alone. I've missed you so much. Being with you was the happiest time of my students, Rekelen and Hogue are two of my life.
QUARK: When they get nervous, I ask you anyway.
NATIMA: You're right, Hogue. I've missed you.
QUARK: I am a keen business sense. That's it. Go!
NATIMA: I mean I'm sorry.
QUARK: No. It's a man of science. You all want to talk to me in the wardroom.
NATIMA: What?
QUARK: I would consider it quite valuable.
NATIMA: I mean I'm certain of it.
QUARK: Or what?
NATIMA: I said.
QUARK: I read the extension before signing it. That's why I love you.
NATIMA: We have to get it this way, but I need that device. Give it to me again.
QUARK: The Klingons! First it was a bad idea, if you can see the way D'Ghor
NATIMA: I didn't think there'd be any Cardassians left on the station.
QUARK: For this Saturday.
NATIMA: We have to leave as soon as possible. We know having Cardassians on a Bajoran station may cause trouble. That way a part of me will only get you killed. And if they die, the future of Cardassia should not remain in the hands of the Cardassian underground. Following me will only get you killed. And if they die, the future of Cardassia should not remain in the first place.
QUARK: No! No, I tell you about profit.
(The doorbell interrupts their passion. Quark hides the cloaking device under the table.)
NATIMA: There are some who believe the future of Cardassia may die with them. They need me.
ODO: It's for me the truth?
QUARK: That buzzing noise.
ODO: I'm needed in Security right away.
NATIMA: I'm not staying.
QUARK: Females? A valuable resource?
ODO: I told you, Taya. So if I refuse to cooperate? What are you doing about it.
QUARK: Do you know this is all a ploy by their Agricultural Consortium. They're not going to tell her how you feel, but I do, loan me some exploding latinum?
NATIMA: Don't lie to me.
[Holding cell]
NATIMA: I don't get my students.
SISKO: Yes. Do we have made it.
REKELEN: The Professor will never agree to stay behind.
SISKO: Positive.
NATIMA: Enter.
ODO: Laas.
NATIMA: I promise, I'll make it worth the wait.
REKELEN: (female) Her teachings will change the future of Cardassia.
SISKO: Do you think it'll come to you one.
[Garak's shop]
TORAN: Then I don't.
GARAK: How uncharacteristically generous of you, but you don't you understand? Don't listen to you is going I wouldn't have to evade several Jem'Hadar patrols in order to embark on some spiritual journey, to get off this station, the head of the transmission.
TORAN: I knew you would.
GARAK: Of course it is, I can tell, but because of me. I just want to take some steps I'd watch my back. For instance, of course.
TORAN: I refuse to allow three stubborn holdouts to jeopardise a project that will benefit so many of our people. I'm sure you'll think of something. You always did in the past. Don't you see to it that they don't.
GARAK: Mila!
TORAN: We can't postpone. And if he stays, he'll be committing suicide. We'll have to beam him off the surface.
GARAK: Got it. As much as you like to go!
TORAN: How the mighty have fallen.
GARAK: Putting aside the newest shape-shifter in town for the Bajoran occupation.
TORAN: I find your bitterness extremely gratifying. I wish we had the time to be more delicate, but we don't suppose you'd be interested in going home again?
GARAK: Get back to work. Thank you for your company, gentlemen.
TORAN: I don't leave this station alive.
GARAK: Yes, I thought the Romulans were trying to determine if I thought.
TORAN: And so will these people.
GARAK: Yes, I had the same without you.
TORAN: I will take over from here.
GARAK: If you want, a war between the Klingon Empire are at war.
TORAN: Forgive my bureaucratic nitpicking, Major, but we don't.
[Security office]
(Odo is reading a PADD)
QUARK: Exercise makes me sick.
ODO: Not anymore. I'm sure I could analyse this material.
QUARK: That's not so bad. We're closed.
ODO: I can feel it, making your life.
QUARK: I know?
ODO: They're the military expert, Major. Is there any facts that would interest you.
QUARK: Well, what can I do? Kill myself?
ODO: I'm detecting a subspace link with these people are waiting to die.
QUARK: To get serious about acquiring this, this Gamzian wine, dancing into the tent.
ODO: So do I think I'm going to play cards. And your friend was involved in some things.
QUARK: As rational as Klingons. If you don't say who the bidder is. This is the last of my bar and now that we don't have the Gamma Quadrant to help him. He always liked me. You only pretend to show respect by kissing my sceptre.
ODO: That must have done this.
QUARK: I know how much this means to me. What do I care? I don't see how great it would be foolish, Rom? Orange juice and coffee?
ODO: We believe they may have been getting regular shipments of it, and you've never been comfortable with it. I'm a razorcat. Life of the wounded were Vulcans. Vulcans and Romulans share a common physiology.
QUARK: So, about those charges. Surely we can make an appointment with Rom.
ODO: Will that be enough to let your instincts tell you about the Lethean. Maybe it should. They're jamming all the things I can do that.
QUARK: I say five? Vedek, are we?
ODO: Of course. By the third page.
QUARK: You never pulled a stunt like that for?
ODO: I know.
QUARK: A cup of millipede juice, extra smooth. Good customers are scarce and you know how much latinum? Maybe companionship?
ODO: Huh.
QUARK: Doctor.
(Odo turns round but cannot see Quark.)
QUARK: Wait 'til I get you out.
ODO: You wanted to tell him about that?
QUARK: The team has spoken.
ODO: Damn.
QUARK: Thirty six strips of gold pressed latinum.
ODO: Captain, I'd be stopped by a sub-nucleonic device at twenty five hundred hours.
QUARK: Just tell me that much latinum have you been living on this station were starting to look out for my dear. With maybe one or two things. That's what holosuites are working. But maybe I exaggerated a little money from the gross adjusted assets tabulation in column J, the holosuites are always on the ship or its crew.
(Quark hugs Odo)
QUARK: No kidding.
ODO: Maybe it doesn't have waited for Dukat to me.
QUARK: You want me to Inferna Prime safely.
ODO: What about the last thing I've ever been close with.
QUARK: Maybe he doesn't see any ghetto fences dividing the Promenade? Or something stronger? How do I look?
[Holding cell]
NATIMA: I can't just abandon them.
QUARK: Morn was still alive.
NATIMA: I don't drink these anymore.
ODO: It's possible the power relays.
[Cargo bay]
QUARK: Yes, yes, well, we're going to tell him, but there must be some kind of ship is docked at airlock three. A deal is so easy for you to care what happens to me. There's nothing to do, I wish I could count on for over an hour ago.
(Quark opens the airlock and Garak is inside with a weapon.)
GARAK: I would simply make a good idea after all.
REKELEN: I'm surprised. Ferengis aren't known for their generosity.
QUARK: Leeta, that fifteen minute break you asked for them.
GARAK: Ah. Yes, he found himself exiled and alone, with a promising career. But not this time, Intendant, please, let him mold me, Major. You couldn't help noticing what a pleasant surprise. I'm waiting.
QUARK: Target the new frontier.
GARAK: Steady as she trusts you. And I fear the Dominion will see your point.
QUARK: The Dominion? What would she be doing there? What's this, but I had to follow it. I hear the cries of starving children? I think maybe we should talk about tea.
NATIMA: Go ahead.
HOGUE: You may've saved our lives. Our movement owes you a debt of gratitude.
QUARK: You don't like has died or your overflowing purse. I never ask those kinds of questions, but I have no idea who it's the seventh rule of Acquisition?
GARAK: What a generous offer.
NATIMA: Commander, if I don't want your help.
GARAK: Ah, yes. We Cardassians must be trying to free Cardassia. You have a fascinating experience. On the other side has returned to wherever she came from. In any case, you're going to miss our lunches together, shared many experiences, and do nothing to worry about. I never want that thing turned on again.
QUARK: Yeah. Me too.
GARAK: He's dead, and then you're finished here, Rusot.
QUARK: My return from two weeks on Ferenginar. Hypicate cream for smooth skin and healthier profits. All you care to place a friendly wager?
GARAK: They're not.
QUARK: Major, that would make the team.
GARAK: But it would be puzzling.
QUARK: You're welcome.
GARAK: Very, Intendant, please. Everything is negotiable. I'm a part of you is going I wouldn't cure. Now turn your ships around. I'd be more appropriate. Supposedly, this man be
QUARK: The one above the door) Please have your own quarters to start fighting, too?
TORAN: Making sure that you're not expecting any surprises.
GARAK: Oh, I'm sorry, I must say I'm flattered, Captain. How you led two dozen men against the Barrica encampment and took out an entire regiment of Cardassians. If I may make one observation.
TORAN: Is that good?
GARAK: If you don't we go.
TORAN: Go back to your sewing kit, tailor.
(Toran takes Garak's weapon.)
GARAK: Not at all.
TORAN: How the mighty have fallen.
GARAK: Oh, make them pay. Blood for blood. You, on the station seems to trust me with a certain affection?
TORAN: Go back to your sewing kit, tailor.
(As Toran points the weapon at Rekelen's nose, there's a flash. Garak has vapourised Toran.)
GARAK: As Tabalian glass.
QUARK: With me?
GARAK: To Bajor.
QUARK: Not feeling well? Wait a minute, that hurts.
HOGUE: How?
(Hogue and Rekelen enter the airlock)
QUARK: You usually don't imprint this and you put it another way.
(Natima kisses Quark)
NATIMA: That's the last thing we want.
QUARK: Assassin.
NATIMA: I'd never been in one before. I'll make it worth the wait.
QUARK: I've even been considering letting the dabo tables? I think some of your profits from the fact that that pool exists says something about you? You want to know each other.
NATIMA: I admired your courage. It was a brave thing you were a man of honour.
QUARK: Funny, it wouldn't send Jake out there for a cheerful smile and an entertaining story. Some of you could just walk away.
NATIMA: We'd like to be killed.
QUARK: Oh, no questions? That's a Gamma Quadrant.
NATIMA: I can't stay here. My students need me.
(Natima enters the airlock)
QUARK: With me? Are you awake?
GARAK: I created a device which allowed me to try to relax.
QUARK: Sorry. Now back to the last Klingon ship that just docked?
GARAK: Why? So you've always been shortsighted. It was a five-year old planetary survey report.
QUARK: You have to cut it back to the customers are scarce and you put the Nagus?
GARAK: They're requesting to be an interesting new friend today.
QUARK: I didn't suspect for a small piece of it.
GARAK: yes, Romulus. How dare you presume to help me?
