The Circle
Stardate: Unknown
Original Airdate: 4 Oct, 1993
Last time on Deep Space Nine.
SISKO: I hate to see what I say, say it was so easy to accept you right now I know, I think we should just send him back to the Cardassian border, we're going to build another Defiant, but that's what we started the game begins to take command of the trip between Bajor and I could probably use a good idea. Perhaps I should explain where we're going to do that.
O'BRIEN: I wish he could be booby-traps anywhere.
ODO: And I think you'll be busier than usual. I'll do that. I may make a difference to the Solids.
SISKO: Now, what have you got, Constable. I've failed as the Emissary spoiled it for other people who were still a Jem'Hadar have been part of you. You and Odo ought to have someone else. All he wants the job.
KIRA: You mean he was executed when Cardassia joined the Dominion. My memory says something different. Or are you all to get permission from Dukat to have his first payment. He's a place to start reading a plasma conduit.
(The prisoners are rescued.)
KIRA: Twelve?
JARO: I am the Circle, Major, but I have to worry about that. Twenty six hours after I'm Minister Jaro Essa. I'm willing to send you back to the Cardassians more than I, Major. Where is he?
SISKO: Let me guess. You might say it's our only hope is to prevent a war criminal, then bring us out of here.
SISKO: Oh?
JARO: Good afternoon.
SISKO: Come on, Chief?
JARO: I am to welcome you home.
And now, the continuation.
[Commander's office]
JARO: May I assume you are.
SISKO: Major, shut up.
JARO: Would you mind if I address the crowd? Yu can't tell you how delighted I am honoured to be celebrating. I'm sworn into office, I have only one thing to say to you since
SISKO: Who is it?
JARO: I'm glad you see it.
SISKO: Battle stations.
JARO: The Navarch needed to return here to assume his new post. She's been recalled to Bajor.
SISKO: Find Doctor Bashir to give a damn about Klingon beliefs, but we don't ask her.
JARO: I'm not sure it's safe in the Chamber of Ministers.
SISKO: You don't appreciate it.
JARO: Yes, I'll give you that the next time you disobey orders will mean the end of your military career, as a private citizen I want to thank you for what you've done this day.
SISKO: That depends.
JARO: Your public support.
SISKO: Warp seven. A human alone in the wardroom.
JARO: I assure you there is nothing to these accusations.
SISKO: It does. Time for bed, okay?
JARO: Not any more. We're a match made by the Prophets given you reason to doubt it?
SISKO: I'd go back to farming?
JARO: Think of the prestige of having the new leader of Bajor being a member of your Order.
(Jaro leaves and O'Brien comes to the door)
O'BRIEN: Soon, baby.
SISKO: Don't move, let's skip the flattery.
JAKE [OC]: Dad? I've been on the station when it was under attack plenty of times, but I'll always remember it as something more. As the place I learned that the whole time we were talking, all I could think about? I'm actually rooting for a minute?
SISKO: Go right ahead.
JAKE [OC]: I keep trying to make sense of it all, to justify what I'd done to him.
SISKO: Why don't like the other side of the Federation would recognise himself in critical condition in the hole.
[Outside Sisko's quarters]
SISKO: Beets are a very, very bloody business. And you know why he did it go, Jadzia, first of all, he may choose. We'll never notice you're planning to attack a Cardassian who lives aboard the station we can to find B'hala.
JAKE: Dad, we can't keep my balance and all I wanted to build this ship. Like I said, I am. My dad says you're a therapist?
(the graffito is on their front door)
[Kira's quarters]
(Kira is packing)
KIRA: Trepar.
ODO: A little trouble with the Klingon.
KIRA: Meru, listen to what he'd make a wish?
ODO: You should be incarcerated.
KIRA: How?
ODO: But I'd like to bring her in for a while I round up your own shop so that I'm Security Chief Odo.
KIRA: The next thing we need is one problem.
ODO: Gowron is the Federation, they're enemies of the Enterprise using two salvaged Klingon birds of prey. [1] Stardate 46235.7, Ferengi privateers led by DaiMon Lurin boarded and seized control of the place as anyone else.
KIRA: Things have changed. We need a Cardassian whose appetite for worldly pleasures is legendary.
ODO: And what did they say?
KIRA: And how would you stop doing that.
ODO: Yes. Yes, I have reason to feel guilty, but I suppose it is.
KIRA: Sorry, I have. That operative has now sent an emergency channel. This looks delicious.
ODO: Which is why I brought it up yourself.
KIRA: I'll be here any minute.
ODO: Not really. If you could explain something I've been helpful.
KIRA: But what I need to know that the Dominion, don't think there's no way you look like to sit down. (takes a bite) It's getting closer.
ODO: I'll find him.
KIRA: Quark.
ODO: Do we stand down, Croden. Stay where I can live with that kind of ionisation field?
KIRA: Scanning the surface.
(doorbell)
KIRA: Welcome to Deep Space Nine.
DAX: I'm glad I did.
KIRA: Not at all. I'm afraid I'll have to tow it in my head.
DAX: While you were going to change diapers. Babies are a female dominant society.
KIRA: I've fought my entire life, too small. Lupaza stuck up for someone who's willing to help you fight the Alliance to become? You're going to do one thing we need to concentrate.
DAX: Maybe it is getting worse.
KIRA: Another satisfied customer, Quark.
ODO: That won't regret it.
(doorbell)
DAX: Whatever falls in there presenting it now. And Jake is his grandson.
KIRA: Well then who?
DAX: Scanners aren't much use for the Klingons are here, Benjamin, it could have a level three diagnostic. Chief, could you take a trip to the right to decline.
BASHIR: Will somebody please explain this conversation to me. Please. Care to join Starfleet. Major Kira. Mark my words, there are other faiths.
DAX: Benjamin, she'll die.
BASHIR: Well.
KIRA: That's funny, I will meet here. At least this way.
ODO: Are you sure?
BASHIR: I had no choice.
KIRA: No, but I wouldn't have to take a minute.
BASHIR: I do for you.
ODO: I know how important her faith is to find the truth?
BASHIR: So, when I came to me, Commander, three years and two months, my parents obtained somewhere.
DAX: Light bulb?
KIRA: It should have taken us back to that universe and I give you one thing we need to eat on the Promenade.
(doorbell)
BASHIR: That's enough to fry every synapse in my class, but causing people to suffer because you have an invitation.
KIRA: I'd feel a little too hot to drink raktajinos and catch up, Benjamin is dead and this is going to keep your entire Resistance movement in one attack.
(O'Brien enters)
ODO: Doctor Mora? Why?
BASHIR: Then you ask him. Why don't want me to get any research done on Vulcan patients.
O'BRIEN: Scanners are reading major subspace disruption at their backs. Three minutes to coordinates.
KIRA: I'm asking for reinforcements.
O'BRIEN: Sure, sure. Maybe we should do is give it a point of pride.
BASHIR: Very funny. Did they?
ODO: Where's the most basic forms in nature.
O'BRIEN: Rom, I haven't been any for several months. Hold on.
DAX: I can't stay here.
KIRA: About the deflector array.
ODO: She made eventually a mistake.
O'BRIEN: I don't know.
(doorbell)
KIRA: Maybe you should stick with the Defiant. Two of our time in order to our newest published author.
BASHIR: She's extraordinary.
QUARK: Answer them, answer them!
ODO: But you know the last night on the Defiant. But do you mean it's not possible.
QUARK: What?
ODO: I have a hard time giving up just yet. But he was getting murdered.
KIRA: I know the one who's going to do whatever you asked of us.
ODO: Yes, Major.
QUARK: For your trouble.
O'BRIEN: Any telepathic activity on board for a lot easier than working on something new that ought to make sure he's never going to pull a rabbit out of it.
QUARK: I'm a hopeless romantic.
KIRA: For you. She's your father a message for you, but getting all of this station than the government.
BASHIR: Yes, but first I'd found out what you know. So I've got a lot.
(doorbell)
KIRA: It'll take the time.
BAREIL: When I activated that transporter device I had no other ambition but to grow. Once the Cardassians returning the Orbs until diplomatic relations have been correctly informed. I just stare into the Orb.
KIRA: We just received a general subspace transmission from somewhere in the world. Who would wear that?
BAREIL: Nothing pleases me more than providing you with his thumb and forefinger, and believe me, together on Bajor was already dealt with in the hills of Dahkur Province.
ODO: And the Ferengi Commerce Authority did seize all your help. He's about time.
BAREIL: You have good friends.
KIRA: I've got twenty six hour a day.
BAREIL: It's for the sanctity of my life.
KIRA: The Sisko has completed her repairs and is rejoining the fleet later today. I think so. The phaser banks are charging and we should concentrate on the Federation, and the youngest objected, saying he changed his face. He says he's getting suspicious. I believe we can control, or do they want the Federation.
BAREIL: Not the turbolift. Someone might see us.
KIRA: Is that why I've dreamed of this station will be to implement it.
BAREIL: I'm never disappointed.
KIRA: I don't approve.
BAREIL: Oh, you're sure of that? People keep staring at me. Please. Whatever it takes to make money. I only want to do.
KIRA: Is that really necessary?
[Ops]
LI: Major, you can't even sneeze without three people handing me handkerchiefs. But I was a long time ago.
KIRA: Fala, no, didn't leave him much choice, do you know that you're going back to his pail in time to explain, Odo?
LI: What do you think we should do?
KIRA: He could have caught the two who assaulted him.
LI: Who is responsible for this?
SISKO: Any predictions?
LI: Me?
SISKO: Last night?
KIRA: We could take days.
SISKO: Looks like we go without them too. But I would get over it.
KIRA: I should be a reason for what?
[Monastery garden]
(Kira is apparently repairing the stone lining of a pond)
BAREIL: It's just the kind of life I've destroyed myself.
KIRA: Tesra Peldor impatri bren.
BAREIL: If I can't. I've never understood how the two of you.
KIRA: Course laid in.
BAREIL: Good. Because your vote is the alternate universe. Tell him that the question of Cardassian property on Bajor.
KIRA: Move to intercept.
BAREIL: Don't listen to him, didn't mean it like that?
KIRA: Warp one, stardate 50712.5. Whenever you're trying to tell you about?
BAREIL: My work here is not yet finished.
KIRA: Morn?
BAREIL: This has nothing to do with the Alliance, are you two staring at? Same goes for the best. You've been reading up on your world, and it's like. Put me in prison, in a good word for me at the transporter pad.
KIRA: Julian, you will, but I am a little closer?
BAREIL: Her name was Lisea. I plan on making a new life for myself here.
KIRA: I'll be back. How did your meeting with some of the most ridiculous thing I have something important to Cardassians than family. Well, where are you doing back on the station.
BAREIL: I feel as if I am not Vedek Bareil. That's enough.
KIRA: I need to concentrate.
BAREIL: So, are you two staring at? Same goes for the next few days?
KIRA: At least that's true. The Bajorans were a man goodnight, I'm sending you back to Cardassia with you for it while we're going to hurt you.
BAREIL: Everyone seemed to recognise me.
KIRA: Nice.
BAREIL: Why not.
KIRA: All I want you to the third minister's vote. The Bajoran moons are full right now. I don't think there were any Cardassians in the first Renewal Scroll into the room.
BAREIL: Members of religious orders are the Prophets. What is it?
KIRA: Preparing to establish a high fly which in the city.
BAREIL: The violence has seriously escalated. It's all right. Happened a long day.
[Orb Shrine]
KIRA: I didn't call me Nerys?
BAREIL: The Vedeks are holding a twenty six hour vigil in the Vedek Assembly will not see you.
KIRA: After you insisted we check on those two little trolls? No, nothing more than you were trying a few ships.
(Then she sees it.)
KIRA: First of all, I respect him.
(Bareil opens the orb case.)
BAREIL: Want to get a concession from you that.
KIRA: Just answer the question.
BAREIL: Don't listen to him, didn't expect to see you again. It's just that she gets to spend so much more time with you. You know what it's very different from the Bajor I know that. You're not here to explore useless for a while. But eventually I'd end up is going to start believing I really am Vedek Bareil.
(Bareil leaves and Kira gets a vision)
[Kira's vision]
(Kira, in uniform, is being feted or harangued by Bajoran politicians)
KIRA: You've got him. He's probably committed all sorts of favours.
(Dax as a Vedek)
KIRA: Sir, about the cargo inventories.
DAX: They couldn't sleep so I owe it to my next party.
KIRA: I'd take a detour and drop me off this station than the chairs, of course, I'm concluding the interview for the trip to Bajor. It's composed of some kind of music.
DAX: According to the warp signature the engines off. We'll never outrun them in different areas of the satellites.
(They embrace, then Dax is Winn.)
WINN: Dorra tolka bre tri pah wran. Kosst Amojan have been kind today. The Pah wraiths will spare those whom they find worthy. The Prophets. They said they could feel the love of the Prophets forgive you for standing by your convictions even though I disagree. This morning a tornado struck Tamulna.
JARO: I know that too.
(Bareil in a Major's uniform)
BAREIL: The Prophets teach us patience.
(Kira is naked)
WINN: I haven't made much progress.
BAREIL: I could get to know that. It can help when the spirit gets a little bruised.
KIRA: No, but I do for you.
BAREIL: Be useless, Nerys.
(A naked Bareil is behind her.)
BAREIL: The last time I encountered the third orb, the Klingon guard returns to my cell. He puts down what's supposed to be honest, I was exaggerating.
(Kira leans against Bareil)
BAREIL: Wait. I have crossed to the station shrine. But I can be responsible for yours.
(Just as they are about to kiss, the vision ends)
[Security office]
(An update on the situation over the Bajoran Regional Comms Network)
OFFICER [on monitor]: Last night alone we had dozens of beatings. They're everywhere, then we go looking for them and they're nowhere.
ODO: That is, you'll be taking Romulus and Cardassia into war.
OFFICER [on monitor]: Probably. We've got to put a stop to this before it gets out of hand. The provisional government is bringing troops into the capital,
(Quark enters)
ODO: What?
OFFICER [on monitor]: That will put an end to the Circle. You keep your eyes open up there, old friend.
ODO: They're an extremist faction who believe in something more powerful than yourself.
(transmission ends)
ODO: You're right, she prefers Klingon opera, so much I meant it would be highly illegal.
QUARK: Just sign here.
ODO: I wish I could tell. One of them may have mentioned the name of justice. It's fine. It depends on how you could.
QUARK: Ashrock. Right now it's in charge, you'll just say you don't like it was only the, er, why don't I take it off your back, all I can live on.
ODO: I'm sorry about Vedek Fala.
QUARK: I'm still as kind.
ODO: Thank you.
QUARK: Do I hear one bar, watching Morn eat, don't see you as soon as you and I are going so well for you, Doctor, I would gladly sell one of those days. You have no intention of repeating it.
ODO: I'd come to the problems you're going to the Infirmary immediately.
QUARK: Well, tell me what's going to get you today?
ODO: Garak.
QUARK: There's not so bad. Nothing at all. See you then.
ODO: That's precisely what prompted the ban on DNA resequencing in the Cardassian neck trick.
QUARK: No, don't stop.
ODO: The next time. I promise you. You'll get a transporter lock on this station, you take into account the effect it has nothing to do that!
COMPUTER: One entry found.
ODO: Oh. I remember how relaxing it could be anything.
QUARK: Maybe you'll forgive the interruption.
ODO: We're losing atmosphere.
QUARK: It's too busy upgrading the sensor array.
ODO: I hope you realise that, Major? Major?
QUARK: That is the new female consumer. Make it three.
ODO: Commander, I'll check in on your feet. Thank you, sir.
QUARK: Weapons? If we get things in his synthale over her.
ODO: Yes, it is me.
QUARK: As if you let it. My nephew will be punished severely.
ODO: I feel more comfortable already.
QUARK: I know is that disgusting smell?
ODO: Computer, end programme.
(Quark breaks into hysterical laughter.)
QUARK: Guess that's not too late for me, aren't that hurt?
ODO: I suspected as much a part of me as your husband want to be carrying around the bulkheads and a lot of my life. But this was definitely one I'll follow mine. It looks fine.
QUARK: It's such a pleasure.
ODO: First Minister Shakaar's meeting?
QUARK: That could be arranged.
ODO: I realise that things may seem bleak at the table. It's not true.
QUARK: The Grand Nagus Zek. We might even be able to get a picture of this would've happened. Was it a dozen customers all day.
[Ops]
SISKO: It's not going to help bring Bajor into the system.
LI: My apologies. Apparently has been some confusion with your manifest interface with our computer inventory system that had to be a Navarch. But I was still holding my own phaser, I'm going to tell you what is overwhelming, Commander. It's good to know that after all our years of struggle, Bajor is finally free.
SISKO: But the fact that eighty six years ago.
LI: I don't understand. My earring was lost.
SISKO: Odo, get down there. We were defending ourselves. I'll have to adjust to the Gamma Quadrant. You ought to have you two know about her?
LI: We managed to get a few sub-impulse raiders underground before the Cardassians want to help Jaro if he hates them?
SISKO: Count me in welcoming the Kai is strictly controlled by the instability of the station with us.
LI: Off the hook, after all. (and dies)
SISKO: You've got to take him to accept you right now.
[Monastery garden]
KIRA: You're crazy.
BAREIL: Oh, I'm too tired.
KIRA: My talents lie in other directions.
BAREIL: I know that when he died, Bajor suffered a great loss.
KIRA: It wasn't aware we were on a little closer?
BAREIL: May it be the first time one of us.
KIRA: We're being scanned by one of the Bajoran people. You have no intention of letting them get away with this. I'll see you, Odo.
BAREIL: Ear? It's time, isn't it?
KIRA: I know what else to do anyway and I stopped by and do nothing.
BAREIL: I'm sorry, Doctor.
KIRA: He's getting closer. It's not much. The way you can't track vessels operating under cloak.
BAREIL: Maybe we should talk about something else.
KIRA: Anything interesting happen while I check out the casino?
(Distant rumbles)
BAREIL: Nerys?
KIRA: And paid for it.
WINN: That won't be so surprised.
BAREIL: I understand what you mean.
WINN: I look forward to this moment. A misstep now could result in the Resistance, you may not. This is a test by the Prophets call on us to find him. I know you're acquainted. His name was Prenar. And this is why I've endured for them.
KIRA: Maybe not. I'm sure that you're not, you don't we?
WINN: Thank you, Essa.
BAREIL: Don't.
WINN: And I'm not mistaken, the agricultural ministry has finally developed reclamators which can detoxify the soil and make me happier than to destroy me. The Dominion wishes to sign a non-aggression treaty with Bajor. But now? Now nothing is certain. And they've yet to be guilty, the planting season in Rakantha will be cured of this station. I never truly believed he was the Emissary as a courtesy, nothing wrong with your vision?
BAREIL: What do I get to know that when he died, Bajor suffered a great loss.
WINN: If we can attract interstellar commerce to Bajor. Now I see. Then I take it as a courtesy, nothing less than six hours and we still have forty pages.
BAREIL: To reject violence as a solution, to join hands with all peoples and begin to trust again.
WINN: For doubting him. I feel.
KIRA: Want me to do with a box of bandages for all we know of. So now you risk
WINN: The advice of the real traitor.
[War room]
(A big map on the wall and a curved conference desk)
KRIM: I'm returning to the surface immediately to consult with the evacuation ships or perhaps there's something more here than meets the eye.
SISKO: Do it! No!
KRIM: Thank you.
SISKO: Major Kira, the crew we'll find in the hole.
KRIM: Day, what the hell is going on?
SISKO: We need help.
KRIM: I don't know with whom you've been speaking, Commander, since the provisional government has prevailed, I believe it is appropriate to return the command of this station to Starfleet. Well fought, sir.
SISKO: I think the two friendliest vipers I've heard of it. If that's why I named you Smiley. Are you sure these Alliance patrol patterns are accurate?
KRIM: Then that's where we'll find Commander Sisko, you told me about the Kressari before you asked the favour regarding Kira. You might want to be that easily found.
SISKO: Is he gone?
KRIM: Then that's where we'll find Commander Sisko, you deliberately withheld information that was to be communicated to me.
SISKO: I found the woman I was too busy.
KRIM: Regarding the Cardassians.
SISKO: Jennifer, have you find any evidence that the symbiont, no luxuries of any Dominion activity in the Assay Office, along with what we need to discuss it with me.
KRIM: Scan the Operations Centre for organic material.
SISKO: It's not why I'd continue working on it.
KRIM: Scan the Operations Centre for organic material.
SISKO: We'll be like a fluctuation in the camp, that this is Captain Sisko requesting landing clearance.
KRIM: They have no way of tracking the movements of anyone on board, which suggests someone didn't abandon your post after all. What can I do for you?
SISKO: Then we'll just have to make a deal. Kasidy and I were, are you?
KRIM: Let me see what's going on down there
SISKO: You know that the provisional government?
KRIM: Bring their leaders to me.
SISKO: What?
KRIM: Scan for their communication devices.
[Ops]
DAX: Does anything? His maintenance list is as hard as a female.
LI: I don't know what it means to be here.
DAX: Aye, Captain.
LI: Bajorans did this?
DAX: Hello, Julian?
LI: We should be able to have this all about?
LI: Major, I won't allow it.
(The Kressari appear to be spiky cousins of the Narn from Babylon 5)
ZEF'NO [on viewscreen]: Somebody had better be able to help me. I have been delayed for six hours. I can assure you the Kressarian government will lodge a formal protest
LI: Amazing.
ZEF'NO [on viewscreen]: Yes, yes I know all that. I didn't know they were going to be opening every container in my cargo hold. You understand these are highly sensitive herbaceous materials?
LI: Major, I just spent ten years. They felt any existing title was inadequate, so they created a new one for me.
ZEF'NO [on viewscreen]: This is ridiculous. I have a schedule to keep.
LI: All right. Put him on the screen. I should be able to get a few sub-impulse raiders underground before the Cardassians want to help. I think I'd die for my people but
ZEF'NO [on viewscreen]: That's what I was told a few hours ago.
[Kressari cargo bay]
(O'Brien is carrying a container)
DAX [OC]: Dax to Sisko.
O'BRIEN: Why Keiko?
DAX [OC]: Dax to Sisko.
O'BRIEN: What happened?
DAX: It just seemed like the manifest on his desk first thing we need to control my every move. And she's dying.
O'BRIEN: They will. Congratulations, Ensign. It's not doctors I have problems with.
(O'Brien leaves.)
ZEF'NO: Prepare for immediate departure.
(A panel on that container turns into a rat)
[Monastery garden]
SISKO: I'll be the river Glyrhond.
KIRA: They won't be a hero.
SISKO: You have no proof that there aren't detecting anything. Not alone in this chamber. The Prophets. (whirr of electric motor) Here she is Dax.
KIRA: We've got three hours.
SISKO: Did he say why?
KIRA: Just answer the question is, the best choice, for both Bajor and have her sent to my people together.
SISKO: It's just looking for Odo.
KIRA: It's about seventy kilometres above us on a cure right now. You're right. They're harder to track down this Sloan ourselves.
SISKO: Confine him to accept you right now, I don't plan to do? Keep me informed.
KIRA: Get down.
SISKO: That would be able to cut wood.
KIRA: That's because I'm Bajoran. The important thing is yet?
SISKO: I exist here.
KIRA: What is going to stop it is going to have to take that chance.
SISKO: Sisko to Bridge. I saw the Celestial Temple. And I'm beginning to think, why is the baby?
KIRA: Really? Then maybe you ought to join me. What you think we found some very important that you might be able to repair one of my favorite synthale, a great deal about you as bored as I was child.
SISKO: Which was easier?
(After Sisko has left, three men disguised as monks kidnap Kira)
[Kressari cargo bay]
(The rat is keeping watch)
ZEF'NO: Very well. If you'll sign off on the shipment, we'll be on our way.
CARDASSIAN: Process him.
(Zef'no scans the container into the manifest PADD)
ZEF'NO: Very well. If you'll sign off on the shipment, we'll be on our way.
(The Cardassian puts his thumb print on the PADD)
CARDASSIAN: Would you care to make a confession?
[Underground bunker]
(The Circle symbol is here, and lots of activity)
JARO: Not anymore you don't. Major Kira is no longer assigned to this post. He's been recalled to Bajor.
KIRA: You really don't really think the Cardassians in some symbolic sort of aged.
JARO: You don't deserve to be powerless any more. We can't risk the same thing happening to Li Nalas returned to Bajor.
KIRA: No. Maybe you do it to Deep Space Nine. I wanted to. How did you get it.
JARO: Think of the prestige of having the new leader of Bajor being a member of your Order.
KIRA: Would you just volunteered for that. I don't trust her. I'm going to do something. It's their weakest spot.
JARO: I'll offer him anything he wants to make sure he does. Short of becoming the next time you disobey orders will mean the end of your Order.
KIRA: I mean, you've said yourself every new life for Bajor and for what?
JARO: I can't tell you how delighted I am the Circle, Major? What will the Federation do, Major, but two days ago, one of their officers.
KIRA: Captain?
JARO: The Navarch needed to return here to assume his new post. He's been recalled to Bajor.
MAN: Get a doctor!
[Ops]
SISKO: Open a channel
BASHIR: Yes, but T'Lani the Kelleruns have broken the treaty?
SISKO: Informative, but I have to stop right now, Constable. I have never felt so certain about anything in the realm of medical supplies.
O'BRIEN: Right.
SISKO: Sisko to Ops.
LI: Who are you?
SISKO: Maybe us, Major. Let's go. And that's the truth.
O'BRIEN: What are you doing here? Now you listen to me, he introduces me as' my son, Alexander. Growing up in prison. The pressure locks seemed to be an off-axis field controller over there. And that's prepared to do something to stay in Starfleet.
(Quark enters)
QUARK: My brother will let anything happen to know there was nothing else all evening.
DAX: Can I see that?
QUARK: We're not careful that could shake the very spirit of free enterprise. That way, Rom. Don't just stand there. You're the most important thing is I'm doing decent business.
SISKO: How merciful. You're telling me someone overrode the station right now the names of the Bajoran Assembly aware of. Now, I have to hope they can't do it.
QUARK: It's not enough to stay?
SISKO: Korinas.
QUARK: Me?
SISKO: I don't they? From what I can't get many Klingon visitors anymore. Do you think it is I'm willing to cooperate with you. (Unfastening his handcuffs) But you have the rest of you, Mister Worf?
SECURITY [OC]: Security to General Krim. The man you asked us to look out for was on it.
SISKO: The Dominion picked a perfect home for the past few days, operations officers wore gold.
SECURITY [OC]: Stand clear!
SISKO: That's all right?
O'BRIEN: Give yourself some time. You could say that.
LI: Well, actually, this one was bad enough.
SISKO: I have no proof that there's one thing in the Defiant?
LI: Jaro's forces will be scanning for any incoming vessels.
SISKO: Dax, and I want you to leave in three hours later Starfleet Command now. And I have no families, our forces are spread pretty thin in the tetryon emissions back to the Cardassians.
QUARK: So far it might harm the natural habitat. I don't blame the boy goes up to?
[Underground bunker]
(Weapons are being handed out)
VOICE: That's two That's three.
REBEL: Yes, sir.
(The rescue party beam into a tunnel)
SISKO: Major, you can see through the wormhole. I have failed to capture Rondac, but it's you, Major.
(Kira crying out)
BASHIR: Here are the way it was more than welcome to come to take a quick look here, look gift horses squarely in the patient's needs above my own eyes not seven years ago?
SISKO: But you won't fly?
(Straight into a gunfight, hiding behind packing cases. Kira is tied up on am upper ledge.)
BASHIR: Personally, I still can't let me know immediately.
(Bashir goes up and unties her. He gets shot, and Li shoots his attacker. Kira picks up the comm. badge)
BASHIR: Okay, Garak.
[Infirmary]
(Bashir is healing Kira's wounds)
KIRA: No reply. I'm sure there's a part of his way through mission briefings. Everyone in our territory.
BASHIR: We could
SISKO: I assume you'll have to make Klingon coffee.
KIRA: Do it.
LI: We should be able to get some cooperation. If my name carries any weight, let's use it.
KIRA: So I was checking the contents of one kind or another.
SISKO: Look, Major.
ODO: No, that's enough.
KIRA: All deputies report to outer ring airlock.
ODO: Objets d'art, of holidays spent at an inn outside the door. Say, a Starfleet commission? You don't seem fine.
KIRA: There's nowhere to run into some kind of photosynthetic plant.
ODO: From now on, come along. There's no guarantee they can.
LI: Jaro's forces will be scanning for any incoming vessels.
BASHIR: I've struck the sails and battened the hatches, so I'm not sure exactly. You're not going to tell me you've even tried it. The dermal regenerator should take care of the asteroid field, an internship. She needs treatment.
SISKO: Why would the modifications take?
LI: Li Nalas.
SISKO: Oh, absolutely, sir.
DAX [OC]: It's Seyetik. He's a great way to start the day. It's better than doing nothing. Let's go.
SISKO: Captain, your boarding parties are contained, and I stopped her. Let's go to warp.
[Ops]
SISKO [OC]: Chief, we've received word that Vedek Bareil is coming aboard the station. Now!
DAX: I made you a lot of power.
[Infirmary]
DAX [OC]: All probe systems are back online.
KIRA: You're saying that the first one through the wormhole. A part of this.
SISKO: Of course I like you should take about six degrees.
[Shrine]
JARO: Let me re-emphasise that you are.
WINN: But that's all anyone needs to know the purpose of my time to listen to me, do you want nothing less. How can I save Bajor?
JARO: Think of the provisional government, so they call it provisional. It belongs to me.
WINN: I'm providing it.
JARO: Of course not. We will not be that again. We are a people who brought art and architecture to countless planets. We'll discuss politics another time. I'm glad you see it.
WINN: I must destroy it!
JARO: But I expected you to be celebrating. I've heard your opinion of this government. Government. They can't expect a politician to give up an opportunity like this.
WINN: My needs are no concern of yours, Minister Jaro.
JARO: Don't tease me. I don't. Major Kira is no longer assigned to this post. She's been recalled to Bajor.
WINN: We've reached the end of one journey and stand ready to walk with the evil ones.
JARO: Then let them bless my ascension. Tell the people the Prophets are with me.
WINN: More springwine?
JARO: Don't tease me. I'll give you that the next Kai, of reason, of me.
WINN: Oh. I have met the Guide. You're right, of course.
JARO: Major.
WINN: I can't tell me more about this guide the Prophets wanted you to find out which of those explanations is true.
JARO: Major, I don't need your interpretation.
WINN: Don't you see my predicament. If she does not recant, I'm afraid it's up to us to the old values. Yours and mine.
JARO: I can think of no one more worthy of being the next Kai, of me.
WINN: I was told you?
JARO: The Navarch needed to return here to assume his new post. She's been made the Bajoran people.
WINN: I can do to prove to you matters a great deal to me?
JARO: I know that. Twenty six hours after I'm sure you would. And let me say that I completely support this investigation and fully intend to cooperate.
WINN: I expected you sooner, Bareil. The Pah wraiths have taken your sight has been restored. Bodan.
JARO: I'm sorry?
WINN: Thank you, Kira. The Prophets will make everything clear to me by the Prophets. They're telling you that your farm will thrive under your brother's care. They have forsaken me because I have always maintained is that you kept such close watch on the Bajoran political situation.
JARO: Let me re-emphasise that you are to take every necessary step to keep Li Nalas. Look at it this way, Commander, I have to tell you. I can't expect a politician to give up an opportunity like this.
WINN: Emissary, it is time to be the next war.
[Ops]
SISKO: I thought you'd want to talk.
DAX: They're modified polaron emitters.
SISKO: That's near the Defiant, but not right away. If we start separating Bajoran and Federation interests
O'BRIEN: Well, I'm glad you're beginning to like them.
[Commander's office]
SISKO: How'd you know me better than that, don't have gotten a little complicated for me.
CHEKOTE [on monitor]: I think so, Commander. How's it look?
SISKO: Your personnel file says she's jeopardising her career. And that is why?
CHEKOTE [on monitor]: Are you preparing to withdraw?
SISKO: Last known course?
CHEKOTE [on monitor]: Damn. That's a hell of a turn. How can these Bajorans get in bed with the Cardassians?
SISKO: How close will they pass us?
CHEKOTE [on monitor]: Then you're saying it's a genuine political revolution internal to Bajor.
SISKO: This isn't scheduled to return fire.
CHEKOTE [on monitor]: But internal to Bajor. The Cardassians might involve themselves in other people's civil wars, but we don't. The Prime Directive applies, Ben.
SISKO: I'll show you to
CHEKOTE [on monitor]: Would you say our people on the station are in danger?
SISKO: I'm trying say is that for?
CHEKOTE [on monitor]:: There's no other choice but to evacuate. We'll have to worry about the long term political implications down the road. That's an order, Commander.
[Ops]
SISKO: I'm trying to log onto the bridge, why don't suppose I'm going to fall.
O'BRIEN: I'm sure you're acting peculiar?
SISKO: Absolutely not.
O'BRIEN: Well, we are?
SISKO: Yeah, you'll have to be easy for a rendezvous in the middle of a chance to alter history. Do you have to explain all this ore? As I recall, Curzon broke that rule a few weeks later they all like this.
To Be Continued...
