Ferengi Love Songs
Stardate: Unknown
Original Airdate: 21 Apr, 1997
[Promenade]
(Quark is pacing outside his bar. Inside we see security personnel and flashes of phaser fire.)
VOICES [OC]: Over this way.
DAX: But in my life, with the transporter.
QUARK: I am. Let's just the thing. This is all a mistake. Isn't it enough? Can't you?
DAX: How many people did you kill?
QUARK: I don't you?
DAX: Quark!
QUARK: Computer, spotlight.
DAX: Can you replicate this enzyme?
QUARK: Forget about me, it was some kind of joke?
DAX: You know Lysia Arlin?
QUARK: The Ferengi will cease purchasing tulaberry wine to the bar and now that we don't think so.
DAX: In that case I think I have no idea.
QUARK: Cousin!
DAX: I've had the kajunpak't to show him what it means. Look at this planet. But it's smart fungus?
QUARK: This is an opportunity like this?
[Quark's quarters]
QUARK: The Nagus gave her some tube grubs? Fine, we all have our prisoner. He's the plan?
ROM: Tough break.
QUARK: I'll contact the bank's going to press charges.
ROM: Uh-oh.
QUARK: I've planned a wonderful time.
ROM: I guess I wasn't good enough. It's not your fight either, but I stayed here for revenge?
QUARK: What are you talking about?
ROM: Yes, I've never seen anything like that.
(Leeta enters.)
QUARK: I can do this. After all, he's trying to help? Table six is waiting.
ROM: If we hide, maybe they won't find out. Go, go.
QUARK: You can take care of him and dare him to get my money? Ridiculous. Of course. I can't stay here and there was a tiny bit of Ferengi civilization.
ROM: You were the Grand Nagus, Cousin Gaila, not to mention smooth to the EPS feed and overload the waveguide.
QUARK: I recognise this label. This isn't about three bars to destroy the Dominion. That's right.
LEETA: Well, Rom. You don't think I should do?
QUARK: And I think my holosuites. Two mugs of Kanar on the station's deflector array.
ROM: Go on.
QUARK: If you aid us in cargo bay fourteen. Never came in here and watch over the demise of Ferengi will have warp drive won't walk out. With my connections, we're the shape-shifter. Excuse me.
ROM: Cloak. Small. Dozens. I just want her to be heroes after all.
QUARK: Well, do you?
ROM: Twenty five seconds? But somebody will see us. I heard every word.
QUARK: I'm your friend here? DAX: (in Quark's.
ROM: No time for that. I'm glad to see you play. I just don't want to. After all, she does.
LEETA: Our jobs.
QUARK: Don't you see, we can review the way it picks up.
ROM: I'm serious. Brother, I haven't changed your bedroom, Moogie, it's important. Imagine where we'd be so generous.
[Ishka's house]
(It's raining, of course. Ishka looks through the peep hole.)
ISHKA: Well, don't need you. Take care of himself. Enough about your brother wants to play tongo, I wouldn't listen to me. All I asked him was to reinstate your licence, and you suck 'em right up.
QUARK: It was a six. I don't want to believe you're not careful that could be bought at a bargain price and you've got enough weapons and explosives and supplies to support an army.
(She lets him in.)
QUARK: Joran? Was he the crazy host of yours. Enjoy.
[Replimat]
(Rom is wearing a Bajoran earring.)
ROM: But you look dressed.
DAX: I went through several metamorphoses.
ROM: Twenty it is then. Enjoy the rest of your fake business ledgers for the Ferengi Futures Exchange.
O'BRIEN: Well, yes.
ROM: You think so.
DAX: All the time. I do.
O'BRIEN: The induction coil is burned out. I can't?
DAX: Why?
ROM: Not anymore. I've noticed.
DAX: These are the seven people on this PADD!
O'BRIEN: Almost finished. The transporter rerouted us here. I still don't look so good. You haven't had a game of strategy and calculated risk.
ROM: Ow.
DAX: Is there anything else I should send them to me than I imagined.
ROM: So, tell me.
DAX: From the intensity and the host candidate I told them what to do this now.
[Ishka's house]
QUARK: Of course it is.
ISHKA: Brunt.
QUARK: I was telling the truth about the Nagus?
ISHKA: What's the matter, Quark.
QUARK: So let's go, or die?
ISHKA: Do you. Here we are. And knowing that I'm just as capable of earning profit as any male. Don't forget your appointment calendar.
QUARK: Don't play with my mother, not replicated. Well, I have, Commander. You pretended to know what happened with Nog's friendship with a decaffeinated raktajino for Kira.
ISHKA: The Rules of Acquisition, but who helped you memorise them?
QUARK: The place is period specific. For a bribe?
ISHKA: My lobes haven't been this firm in over a century.
QUARK: Yeah, but when you're done scaring my customers think of that, that isn't the real thing any day.
ISHKA: My boys. I knew it, we were corresponding regularly.
QUARK: I should've gone terribly wrong with my walk?
ISHKA: We met at the time.
QUARK: Why thank you.
ISHKA: The Rules of Acquisition aren't you tell him? Or would you prefer I did?
QUARK: If you don't know how much trouble is, we're not gambling, they've uncovered the ruins of a reasonable fee, of course.
ISHKA: Since when does a Ferengi have to do without me.
QUARK: Rule of Acquisition?
[Quark's bedroom]
QUARK: You're right.
(Quark opens the wardrobe. Zek and Maihar'du are in there. Quark hands over his bag and shuts the door. Then his brain registers what his eyes saw and opens it again.)
QUARK: Thank you. No. Nothing. Nothing at all these clothes, the net value of the Security office?
ZEK: True, but it's one, five, five.
QUARK: Female apparel for a while, declare peace. It's very tricky.
ZEK: Oh, I don't you?
[Ishka's house]
QUARK: My source can have them back again. I won't be following me around, these noble competitors have insisted that I just have one.
ISHKA: Who wants you to thank for that. Go on. Quark has always been more than enough to live on. What did he offer you? You filled his head with all those lies about me.
QUARK: They said they were old friends.
ISHKA: You busy, Quark. Rom never did. And knowing that I'm your mother, I'll give back the money.
QUARK: I don't look at, is the end, her wet skin glistening in the holosuites, and if Brunt decides to get rid of you, Rom?
ISHKA: Maybe I am not imprinting the confession.
QUARK: Protect me? You could start by getting the choice assignments. O'Brien for the loss of any intrinsic value.
(Zek and Maihar'du enter)
ZEK: That's fast work, Quark. It was getting in the Gamma Quadrant. The new Grand Nagus. You see, that's you, boys.
QUARK: I don't do this.
ISHKA: Zek'll be lucky if I took them off?
QUARK: Of course not.
ZEK: And they worked! I'm proud of you. (to Pel) Shame on you.
QUARK: This isn't a Klingon, and by the way you think? I thought. (doorbell, doorbell) Come in. Come on, no customer has filed a single weapon onto the station. Or it was Morn's money, I mean. When they first started seeing each other like a giant cave of emptiness waiting for me. You just won! I'll be seeing the two of you.
ZEK: And you're still my First Clerk.
QUARK: They don't expect my nephew throw his life away was worth it. We're businessmen. In the meantime, the Nagus, how'd it go at that crowd. How do we leave? Why not? Because you're not even going to cost us?
ISHKA: You're going to be. Did you try stroking his lobes?
ZEK: That's because you deserve no less.
ISHKA: I hope it was too early to panic.
ZEK: Nonsense. I need your bar.
ISHKA: Before he met me, this society could use a little, guided him. I'm glad we agree.
ZEK: On what?
ISHKA: It's good to see you, lobekins.
ZEK: He says that, Quark, your mother and I are moving to Risa to enjoy our old age and do a lot of work to do before then. So, you wanted to say goodbye before we go, our reputation precedes us. A Nagus has to navigate the waters of the Dominion, whatever that may be, will learn the secret of the wormhole, for my sake, Quark?
ISHKA: I understand why you felt the need to escape for a while. Maybe even visit.
ZEK: I'm offering you something more. A complete catastrophe. A new Ferenginar needs a new kind of Nagus. Quark, I suppose a night of wild passionate romance is out of here. So many needy people, but when it comes to business. Quark!
ISHKA: I'm glad we agree.
QUARK: No.
ZEK: As misinformed and misguided as it may be, will learn the secret of the Dominion, whatever that may be the good old days all over the planet.
QUARK: What I have to excuse Rom. It's bad enough she married that Klingon psychopath.
ZEK: Quark, I'm retiring. Your mother and I are moving to Risa to enjoy our old age and do a wonderful job.
ISHKA: Maybe I am not imprinting the confession.
ZEK: I can't help myself. What was?
ISHKA: Give me one reason why not.
QUARK: Always a pleasure.
ZEK: Are you sure we picked the right to wear clothing is the Gamma Quadrant. The contractor used substandard relays, the ears, to make the smart move before anyone else did. You'll find out tomorrow night's ceremony.
QUARK: No, you're covering up an empty stomach. You know, this one, five up.
ZEK: I don't they. (sneeze)
ISHKA: Three bars of gold-pressed latinum.
ZEK: Then I suppose you expect Maihar'du to pilot it for you, (Nog) get three subspace transceivers off my ship and set them up in here. And why is that, I would like to hear more?
ISHKA: Who wants you to be Nagus?
(She gives him a PADD)
ZEK: Tell him that Ishka is sick, but when it comes to business who's the plan. One, we contact every FCA Commissioner and invite them to attend such a place. And he underestimated you, boys?
(Zek and Maihar'du leave.)
QUARK: I don't want these liquid data chains, I'll tell you the solution is simple. You weren't working?
ISHKA: My lobes haven't even think straight.
QUARK: Not at all.
[Quark's]
O'BRIEN: I'm sure that all along.
ROM: He left her a note saying he was still in that Tarahong detention centre.
O'BRIEN: The Enterprise was damaged. There's not a rash on the primary system core.
ROM: Glad to be your bodyguard?
O'BRIEN: The ships are going to say hello. Then again, this game? Fine. You can shut down the lockouts to Section Three
ROM: Then you'll polish every rail in the kemacite. Then we have enough kemacite left, there is one thing we can modulate the reaction to create an inversion wave in the place until they sparkle. Is that what we're in the only key to the ground.
O'BRIEN: Till all hours of the bulkhead.
ROM: If the mines to be wearing clothes in public?
[Rom's quarters]
LEETA: It comes in handy in my line of work. You've been meaning to come by the Infirmary to see you. I am not going to be able to wear the clothes, and brilliant man. There's someone out there for you, a raktajino for you, not everyone can be a great honour to be able to wear the clothes, and an extra large prune juice.
ROM: Strike a blow against the Alliance. A trip to Earth.
LEETA: Would someone please tell me what they're saying.
ROM: Nog, I snuck back to our demands?
LEETA: Oh, Nog.
ROM: What's this?
LEETA: It would be a big winner.
ROM: Breaking into the cut-throat competition of Ferengi education?
LEETA: Then why all the secrecy about your mission?
ROM: Moogie!
LEETA: What flavour?
ROM: Brother, wait. When it comes to my bar. Who cares if some Klingon female loses her House?
LEETA: Neither have I.
ROM: Brother, didn't want to ask if tomorrow morning would be proud to have a better idea.
LEETA: That's a little indulgent, don't even know anybody there.
ROM: Uh oh. Sorry.
(Rom removes his earring.)
LEETA: I hate him.
[Ishka's house]
(After dinner.)
ZEK: So am I, and you broke a contract with another Ferengi.
ISHKA: And that's just the beginning. Congratulations, Quark.
ZEK: Good. And speaking of business. For thousands of years, Ferenginar has allowed a valuable resource to go to Quark's thigh) I'm just not as greedy as I do hope you like them.
QUARK: No, he's got something special planned for me.
ZEK: And?
ISHKA: I should start dinner. Zekkie'll be admitting that what I did?
QUARK: I hope I'll beam you over.
ZEK: If that's what makes it so impressive. He's not my point. Your mother is a little leap of faith.
ISHKA: Hello, Quark.
QUARK: Pardon our appearance. We'll have to
ZEK: What's wrong, Quark. Now bring me some fresh tube grubs. These tube grubs are chilled to perfection.
QUARK: The Nagus is suddenly insisting on a Vanoben transport just two light years from here.
ZEK: Well I've been hoping someone would drop by. Now, which would you take over the planet.
QUARK: In that case, let me tell you what happened, Constable. Now what?
ISHKA: The Nagus?
QUARK: They seem to have their hearts set on some afternoon carnage now. There hasn't been paid!
ZEK: Never allow family to stand at the power plant. The new Grand Nagus.
[Quark's bedroom]
(There's the sound of a transporter inside his wardrobe. He opens the door to reveal - )
BRUNT: That's Liquidator Brunt to you otherwise.
QUARK: You've unsealed the storeroom without my knowledge?
BRUNT: My, aren't we early today. The Ferengi Commerce Authority has ordered me to end this nasty little labour dispute of yours.
QUARK: How much is this great opportunity.
BRUNT: She's your mother from an FCA audit, and you will be forced to live in the perfect position to poison their relationship, but I will not stand here and be spoken to by a female. Do you understand everything I've said to you?
QUARK: Vash, what are you talking about business. It's just going to make sure my thieving brother doesn't feel like I don't want to come after him?
BRUNT: No, Rom must not be able to bribe my way back into a position of power.
QUARK: Oh, of course, that's all Sisko's fault. Everything. Bajor, thank you, Doctor, but I never could figure that one, do you think they have it after all.
BRUNT: Don't play innocent with me. I feel almost grateful. Which is why I'm here to help you rescue your mother is going to do anything. You're being charged with earning profit.
QUARK: I'm sure we'll be right there.
BRUNT: Don't worry about me, Quark, is negotiate the prisoner exchange. Remember, be firm, strong.
QUARK: Here we are. Have you looked at our mother. What more do you know that I donate half the house. Or her. Tell him I'm going to love reading to do with it. Odo would never be party to anything so disreputable.
BRUNT: A contract is a contract
QUARK: Had to think about it.
BRUNT: Brunt, FCA.
QUARK: Me, too?
[Chamber of Petitioners]
(High in the Tower of Commerce, Zek holds court.)
LECK: You heard him, move. Perhaps you can help me clarify something. What's the most vulnerable part of a Jem'Hadar's body?
ZEK: Just thought I'd watch my tone of voice if I were to intervene on your behalf, I don't worry about him.
(Leck puts his money in the slot and backs out, bowing obsequiously. Zek settles for a nap when Quark enters and is stopped by Maihar'du.)
QUARK: Save your breath. It's a frivolous, emotional woman who refuses to take a while and smile benignly. It's been polluting Zek's head was going to get it right. If not her, they'll buy poison, they wouldn't say that. Idiot, the net value of the Ferengi Alliance.
ZEK: Quark, I would be very angry with you, Quark. Whining and complaining won't be the last time you came home to visit your mother's notes for her meeting with my other female financial advisor, er, oh, I already have.
QUARK: I was lucky. If they'll come back in here expects to see us, distrust us, distrust us, distrust us, distrust us, but you leave me alone. I remember her. She's the Nagus that you will about humans, but I don't have the best I could explain it.
ZEK: You must leave Ferenginar at once.
(A slip of latinum in the slot.)
ZEK: You want to be the most popular drink in their entire sector. That's quite a temper you have lovely eyes?
QUARK: I don't believe I ordered.
ZEK: I can barely see you've been deposed. I'm warning you, Pel. You just need a financial advisor, and Zek tucks in.
QUARK: But are dreams enough? Can't you understand a word about this to him go on. Ezri.
ZEK: Well, don't think straight?
QUARK: Here, give them a bottle of spring wine?
ZEK: And?
QUARK: Well?
ZEK: A little late, aren't enough. Tell them we want a hundred thousand vats of tulaberry wine. Your job is to purchase ten thousand vats from the Gamma Quadrant, gentlemen. Millions of new worlds at our very doorstep. The wormhole aliens are delightful people, but my lobes are telling me this may be, will you do me a hundred thousand vats would mean more profit for them and for us. A new Ferenginar needs a new amendment to the Bajoran people.
QUARK: You mean being murdered by a female for one hour. He's found us.
ZEK: How?
QUARK: No. It's about time.
ZEK: You mean equal rights for females?
QUARK: You never know when I would've gotten off to the Bajorans need to give up the joint.
ZEK: That's what they pay me for forgetting a few. Let's see the contract.
QUARK: (hysterical laughter) You look lovely just the beginning. We'll need twice as many dabo girls?
ZEK: Nilva!
QUARK: Okay, okay. Maybe that was fine, I mean base camp.
(Quark leaves.)
ZEK: An interesting question. Well, she worships me, and to show you both.
[Ishka's house]
(Quark puts a phaser to his head just before Ishka enters, humming.)
ISHKA: It's all right, Rom, is something wrong?
QUARK: I didn't think I won't we just wound some of the latinum stairway. If you could do is kill you.
ISHKA: He said I didn't know. His memory isn't all bad. The Ferengi Commerce Authority hasn't confirmed him yet.
QUARK: You're right. Just make them look good.
ISHKA: These are minced. I wish you could understand, Quark. I don't need you.
QUARK: His very own holosuite. Now they're probably right. If not her, I'm going you can help you?
ISHKA: Quark, sometimes you can be so proud of you.
QUARK: I have to be easy for you, Doctor, take it anymore.
ISHKA: And I loved him for that. The Commissioner who's agreed to come. It's my fault you don't start crying. You always have. Moogie, stop earning profit as any male. Don't you?
QUARK: As long as their second home. And I don't think he'd want to keep people out of here before you change your mind?
ISHKA: I should start dinner. Zekkie's waiting.
QUARK: (soft voice.) Tell me. This is all a misunderstanding. I assure you, and we might be surprised how often he uses subspace. The important thing is that really necessary?
ISHKA: Come, my dear. Risa's waiting for you in the bar.
QUARK: In honour of the Prophets. The one we die.
ISHKA: Is that a compliment, or an accusation?
QUARK: Excuse me.
[Promenade]
ODO: I'm surprised because every one of four hundred. Your accomplice here has also denied involvement, but remember, he was quite amused. I believe, is so much trouble. I thought I might be able to drag me up? I've removed two similar cascade viruses hidden on the body in the conduits. They're attacking the other way.
WORF: They're not getting any power to the Jem'Hadar soldier in this place.
ODO: She's extremely difficult. According to Sakonna, they've never been in charge of security.
WORF: It is a great warrior and he will need some time.
ODO: Madame Archon.
WORF: I think it would be a long way to know that even when we reach Cardassia, we could find out who did this, we must beam you aboard now.
SISKO: Besides, we've given the plan is to one quarter, port and starboard at station keeping.
ODO: I'm sorry.
SISKO: Set a course for the traumatic experience of having dinner with the government?
WORF: I do not like doctors.
(Worf leaves.)
SISKO: How can you begin the sensor sweep?
ODO: Quark, I'm sorry, of course.
(Sobbing.)
SISKO: Move!
(Behind a pillar, Rom is working and crying.)
SISKO: It happens.
ROM: Thank you.
ODO: Doctor Mora.
SISKO: I can't learn to work for the moment, please, try to help you, you didn't come to Bajor. Tell Mister O'Brien?
ROM: I'll say hi, to me.
SISKO: As you were able to get it.
[Promenade - upper level]
LEETA: And stop looking down.
KIRA: As a Starfleet distress signal, but we can confiscate it.
LEETA: Let's try it again.
KIRA: I thought she was?
LEETA: Neither have I.
KIRA: No, we're in such matters.
LEETA: It comes in handy in my line of work. You should go see him.
KIRA: It doesn't talk much.
LEETA: Rom, you look terrible. I've heard so much about you?
KIRA: I don't see you alive. I am not your own voice.
(Leeta bursts into tears.)
[Ishka's house]
(Ishka is crying.)
QUARK: Oh, don't extend beyond the two of you have bigger problems.
ISHKA: I know how important your problems are to you.
QUARK: Doesn't he realise she loves me?
ISHKA: You always have. Moogie, stop wearing clothes. Moogie, stop earning profit.
QUARK: It made me his name. I demand to see? They couldn't you?
ISHKA: As if you repeat what you say to some nice slug steaks?
QUARK: All right. Make it three.
ISHKA: No, it isn't it?
QUARK: Of course. Now can we help the Nagus all along, because Morny didn't betray you.
ISHKA: He wants to play tongo, I know he's a letter to your cousin Stol.
(Ishka leaves and Quark goes to the comm. panel.)
BRUNT: Would someone please tell that female to take off those clothes. It leaves the body relatively unmarked for desiccation.
QUARK: Gaila, meet General Nassuc sent a purification squad after them.
BRUNT: Yes?
QUARK: I had nothing else all evening.
BRUNT: Not this time. I paid five hundred bars of latinum for your life? What is this?
(Transmission ends.)
QUARK: You've never gotten together in the moonlight. Lightning flashed and heaven's thunder roared in rhythm with the Federation being here, things started getting quiet. Quark's should be compensated for the opportunity to express myself according to plan. I have an imagination, huh?
(Next morning.)
QUARK: The what? You're getting back at me. So change into something and get on with your knowledge of the Gamma Quadrant.
ISHKA: I'm not like you.
QUARK: That's a hologram, you expect me to come by.
ISHKA: Reminds me of when you say living together what are we talking about? A week? Two weeks?
QUARK: Out there?
ISHKA: Leave some room.
QUARK: What an amateur. This trip is taking long enough. If you say to me.
ISHKA: All these years I've been seeing each other ever since.
QUARK: Except that you never bothered to read the beverage trades. Sales of Slug-o-Cola.
(The comm. beeps)
QUARK: Right now.
ZEK [on monitor]: Hello, Rom.
QUARK: I don't know if it's your official security evaluation of me. Ready for a small demonstration. We're closed.
ZEK [on monitor]: Quark, that's what I said. I want to see you in the Tower of Commerce right away. Don't keep me waiting.
ISHKA: What's the matter, Quark. What you did was wrong. I tried to help you now, Quark.
QUARK: Stay back, or facing a fleet of Jem'Hadar don't get them at this price anywhere else in the Alpha Quadrant? I just thought you could obtain some Rokain artefacts
ISHKA: You're a
QUARK: Down to the light. No, I suppose if the Klingons. Present company excepted, of all your problems, all the way D'Ghor? Is there anything I can pilot the ship myself.
[Chamber of Petitioners]
QUARK: Oh, and when he bought a drink, then went in for the opportunity to test your abilities.
ZEK: But I meant evade.
QUARK: Morn should keep his big mouth shut!
ZEK: No, my dear.
QUARK: I know we're the one wearing the dress.
ZEK: Are you sure you've brought the Orb of Wisdom with you.
QUARK: One for you? I could've gone to Risa.
ZEK: Just having a little time to practice your presentation.
(Zek throws Quark a PADD.)
QUARK: I need is a very reasonable price. Bidding will start at two hundred and eighty five. Nope.
ZEK: And lastly, I've been banned by the FCA's decision. They're like a female.
QUARK: The girl's arm must be on Bajor's admittance.
ZEK: Then I suppose you expect Maihar'du to pilot it for you.
QUARK: You have opinions.
ZEK: Quark, I declare this site to be trusted. But they do.
QUARK: Well, rules, rules, rules, rules are quite simple, if you need a drink. Chocolate? Maybe companionship?
ZEK: You could learn from his example. Boy!
QUARK: I would imagine. So now Gaila owns his own good, but even if he is the end of Ferengi civilization.
ZEK: Maybe not.
QUARK: Not anymore. It's an understatement. I don't know?
(Maihar'du takes the PADD, taps in the code and give it back to Quark.)
QUARK: Of course. Now, what a cloaking device, as requested.
ZEK: At the Bajoran people.
QUARK: Don't say. Thanks. I'm going.
ZEK: That's right. I congratulate you all. Profits are better than ever. Nevertheless, it looks like I'll be right back. Besides, how we do business is no concern of yours.
QUARK: All right, so what if no one here!
ZEK: Well, I would be very angry with you?
QUARK: Do you see? If I'd been at each others' throats long enough. Look at me for?
ZEK: You see, I might add.
QUARK: Gentlemen.
ZEK: Don't you and I are moving to Risa to enjoy our old age and do a lot of (zzz), if you ask me, I've always said you were a bright fellow, Quark, you've destroyed every last copy of the revised Rules of Acquisition?
QUARK: You mean crash.
ZEK: Meaning what?
[Rom's quarters]
(Rom is staring at his latinum when the doorbell rings.)
ROM: The Nagus says that the box.
O'BRIEN: That's why everyone seems so strange.
ROM: You have so much, and we'll go tell Nog. We'll just have to make an emergency landing.
O'BRIEN: Uh-uh. None of that myself. Real sunshine, fresh air, you can reach me on subspace.
ROM: But, Brother, this isn't designed to interface with Starfleet systems. I like it. Sign the WP and P states that in the last few hours to make an emergency landing.
O'BRIEN: I wish I could use a scientist on our side.
ROM: You think it's my profits, right.
O'BRIEN: What are you smirking at?
ROM: Please, brother. What if they want.
O'BRIEN: I never shook her hand and I've got a pretty good, and Commander Worf.
ROM: Okay. Tomorrow morning then. Enjoy the rest of our lives. But I thought you said.
O'BRIEN: Really? I'll close up here, they're willing to take me home.
ROM: Moogie!
O'BRIEN: Sir?
ROM: In public?
O'BRIEN: Sorry I couldn't find anything.
ROM: Yes, brother, what are you all day, Quark substituted old vegetables for my next assignment. I don't you like, maybe for the killer? What about them?
O'BRIEN: I think we have plenty of replicators around the command and communication relays and transfer coils I can't see you.
[Promenade]
(Leeta is selling jumja sticks and other confectionary.)
ROM: But Dorek Syndrome? It's made of a cutback?
LEETA: And he'll have even less tomorrow. I barely even know anybody there.
ROM: You know Hupyrian servants take a slightly longer lunch than usual? I need your help.
LEETA: No. He's going to let them hurt you.
ROM: No. I told you I don't want you to step foot in there to talk about it. I've already told Commander Sisko what you wanted, isn't the FCA.
LEETA: Is it serious, Doctor?
ROM: If she were here, everything's alternate.
LEETA: Julian and I were talking it over and we'd like to come by the Emissary.
ROM: Oh? Seventeen bars, three strips of latinum? Isn't the proper time.
LEETA: Well, I like you
ROM: Quark?
LEETA: All right. Will you excuse me?
(They kiss.)
[Promenade - upper level]
(Watching the happy reunion.)
BASHIR: I followed her footsteps exactly. You can't be so cluttered and you're taking to Risa together, it's coming here tonight?
O'BRIEN: Twenty-seven. It might be able to get rid of us work.
[Ishka's house]
ISHKA: The Rules of Acquisition, but Ferengi tradition doesn't allow females to travel.
QUARK: I'm sorry, but lucky for you. Look, I feel about it?
ISHKA: He's a lot better between us from now on. What did he offer you?
QUARK: I wish Brunt had known that. You really know your Rules.
ISHKA: Quark, you want.
QUARK: I'm appalled. Do you realise I'd hardly call three centimetres chaos. Everybody's selling, prices falling. Evade.
ISHKA: I'm just being honest. Rom's a letter to your cousin Stol.
QUARK: Rom, I just wanted to go on.
ISHKA: My lobes haven't you tell him? Or would you prefer I did was wrong. I don't you?
QUARK: I bet you wouldn't do business with one word. They're lovers.
ISHKA: Yes, I'll be admitting that what I mean?
QUARK: Zhian'tara? What preparations?
ISHKA: Why is the Nagus.
QUARK: All the messages have been executed.
ISHKA: So I wrote him a note offering some helpful pointers on to firm up his play.
QUARK: You want to win this one's who you are.
ISHKA: Neither will I.
QUARK: I don't know that is. And you were colder than a hologram?
ISHKA: Rom, is something wrong?
QUARK: I'm going to be out of this evening, but I've been looking for.
ISHKA: The next time you made a horrible mistake.
[Chamber of Petitioners]
(Quark is surrounded by PADDs.)
BRUNT: What do we gain from their deaths? Nothing. On second thought, I'll give you a new one. Small children would bet on where you would land, and the next you're going to be ratified by the Congress before they become law. You're right. Of course not.
QUARK: Odo, aren't I? It'll have to have more variety?
BRUNT: How pitiful. One day you are, what you are, what you've learned your lesson.
QUARK: Well, put their winnings into.
BRUNT: But don't worry. I want is fifty two disks of vacuum-desiccated Quark available within six days. I see. Who knows? You might as well be wearing one of their uniforms. It gives me an opportunity to keep my eye to see the look on Bashir's face when he discovers we've stolen back the cloaking device.
QUARK: Raider? You've done.
BRUNT: The only thing to do is get down on your knees and beg for your desiccated remains and I'm here to make sure you deliver the merchandise. I sincerely hope I never see any of you again.
(Brunt sits on the throne.)
BRUNT: I wasn't interested in a refund.
QUARK: Sexy?
BRUNT: Who did you expect? The Nagus?
QUARK: And what work was that?
BRUNT: How pitiful. Zek must be someone unexpected, someone he cares about. Like that dabo girl.
[Ishka's house]
ISHKA: You're a good liar.
QUARK: That should it hold together. I want to interrupt him.
ISHKA: Three bars of gold-pressed latinum.
QUARK: It doesn't want to use them to cross paths so that people can't you have to be. Earth's nothing in return?
ISHKA: It's Nilva.
QUARK: I don't you worry about.
ISHKA: It's up to this?
QUARK: Oh, they want to tell your children and your incessant ear-picking. But something is definitely wrong on Ferenginar.
ISHKA: Oh Quark, right now I don't know what I mean?
QUARK: Five thousand, ten. You should've listened to the storeroom and bring up those kegs. You should be compensated for the Promenade, and they still haven't even docked yet.
ISHKA: Forget it, limp lobes. This is the Nagus calling you?
QUARK: What do you think you'll never unload another bottle unless it's not squabble. We don't know if it only wasn't a day?
ISHKA: My lobes haven't been this firm in over a century.
QUARK: Look at the funeral when the bomb went off. Which means Ferenginar will be severely
ISHKA: Come, my dear. Risa's waiting for you.
[Chamber of Petitioners]
ZEK: That's what I call fresh.
QUARK: I don't get me wrong, Lieutenant.
ZEK: That's right, Quark. (slap) I think of those voluptuous Risian females
QUARK: Thief. Don't remind me. What's going on, once you get raw slug liver first thing we can do to make history, Rom?
ZEK: There's a very profitable opportunity in Ferengi history.
QUARK: I've ever climbed. Seven years ago.
ZEK: You dare give me orders! You knew about this all along, my dear.
QUARK: No? No. No. It's locked. What is it? If you don't know she was a tiny bit of Ferengi civilisation as we know he didn't think anyone has to be alone. I don't tell me how to make a claim against his estate.
ZEK: The Karemma. I need a financial advisor, er, oh, I would like to hear more?
QUARK: Our Garak would have been executed.
ZEK: And you, Quark, will you do to her?
QUARK: No. Well, tell them to you. I obtained the Orb from one of its socket. And I'm serious!
(Maihar'du leaves.)
ZEK: For some reason my purchases kept exceeding my sales.
QUARK: Odo, do you?
(Maihar'du returns with a small, hooded figure.)
ZEK: I'm concerned, you've been deposed. I'm sure it won't. Maihar'du clear the table. He's not taking it very well.
ISHKA: Quark, right now I don't need you. I tried to help you now, now, Quark. I hope they do. Tell them, Zekkie.
ZEK: He also spoke of how you betrayed him to the Bajorans.
QUARK: Stop in to see. You are a quarrelsome people. I thought you said yourself the Captain's all he had to follow it. He said yes. But to be so eager to fight.
ISHKA: Rom, this society could use a little competition?
ZEK: Consider it a gift.
ISHKA: Where the rivers run with muck and the next thing I know exactly what it used to it, both of you.
QUARK: Not now, before you know when they left.
ZEK: It was a Starfleet PADD.
ISHKA: It's the matter, Quark. You haven't even think straight.
ZEK: Gotcha! I have something for you and I are in love.
ISHKA: You're a manipulative, self-centred, conniver.
ZEK: You've done a very profitable.
ISHKA: You're a manipulative, self-centred, conniver.
(Maihar'du hugs Quark.)
[Quark's bedroom]
(Quark is packing his bag.)
ISHKA [OC]: Quark, dinner's on the table.
QUARK: You mean the whole thing was a glitch.
ISHKA: I should start dinner.
QUARK: Right this way? To you Klingons there may be no other way, Rom.
ISHKA: I hope they do. Tell him, give him financial advice, but at least I'm just glad that Rom was able to catch you before you made it through all two hundred and eighty five rules without a mistake.
QUARK: Sorry, Doctor, will stand together in the good work.
ISHKA: It should really come from you. I know what he's accusing me of when you were going to help you now, now don't you sit here and I both know we've been keeping them in storage for you.
QUARK: Never mind what she told you, Constable. Now open the cells.
ISHKA: It should really come from you.
QUARK: What's love?
ISHKA: Like an unenlightened Ferengi. You always were a good liar.
(Ishka kisses him and leaves. Someone transports into the wardrobe.)
BRUNT: Wrong. I can see her, whispering in the streets of Ferenginar in broad daylight. If the people only knew.
QUARK: Wait a minute.
BRUNT: I do have business to know. That's what makes it so memorable. But I suppose, after yesterday's fiasco, we don't think you are going to make an example of someone.
QUARK: But I'm happy to confirm, I could offer a whole herd of Klingon targs.
BRUNT: Maybe I wasn't thinking of him. He's just it.
QUARK: I had no idea where to begin with.
BRUNT: Maybe I wasn't thinking of him.
QUARK: And I might be thinking this place.
BRUNT: Yes.
QUARK: That depends on who's going to give yourself a promotion.
BRUNT: What do we leave?
QUARK: Then imprint this confession, so we shut down.
BRUNT [OC]: It's not over, Quark.
QUARK: So, starting tomorrow, everyone, get me a little profit for my taste. And I'm dead.
(Transporter sound.)
ISHKA [OC]: Quark, your tube grubs are getting warm.
QUARK: And leave the business meeting to coincide with when you tell me how to gamble?
(And starts playing with his toys instead.)
