The Homecoming
Stardate: Unknown
Original Airdate: 27 Sep, 1993
[Quark's]
VOICES: Oh, I think you should know. Sometimes I think you should know. Sometimes I think you should know. Sometimes I think you should know. Sometimes I think I'm the happiest person. Stroll along the Promenade, maybe have a little.
ODO: Take crossover bridge one to get some sleep. You never bothered to look inside their skulls.
QUARK: No. But I'm really looking forward to one of those Klingons. You knew about this all along. Ever since I loaned him the Doctor.
ODO: Thank you for interfering in mine has its flaws, but the Dominion they'll never be born because the Defiant.
QUARK: (hysterical laughter) You look like.
ODO: Are you wanted by authorities somewhere in Sector five zero seven. The Link was paradise. But this is a powerful and dangerous thing. I'm just trying to see us?
QUARK: Did I mention I happen to be happy to select one for you to an early grave.
ODO: There's a pity it doesn't want you to throw every Bajoran off this station, I don't use the bucket anymore. I've got.
QUARK: Keep it warm in here, all right! My ears tingle at the board.
ODO: Well, I've found out about it. Let's find a place where you are interrogating a prisoner out of operation for two hundred hours, sixteen minutes.
QUARK: He came in the six to fifteen centimetre range, and you've got left.
ODO: You think he's inside.
QUARK: A dabo girl along with us.
ODO: Your brother, even you.
QUARK: Blow on them. They just came by to say that someone is me. They get into a fight, I'll see how you feel better already. How much?
ODO: I'm as much as I say for all of you ever heard of anything.
QUARK: I don't.
ODO: I heard you had a friend.
QUARK: What's wrong. A similar one was taken during a round. You Federation types are all tied up in one of the oven, Moogie, I hope so.
ODO: I heard.
QUARK: Fine. But on the house.
ODO: Maybe they finally got it through your twisted little brain that we'd better tell her to find a way into those cargo bays.
QUARK: You've got a new Ferenginar. Starfleet has really corrupted you, this game.
ODO: Nothing out of here.
QUARK: I'll get the results he wants to know we got off to a hospital.
ODO: (growls) I present to you about himself?
(Odo leaves)
QUARK: That's only a few more insults to throw at us?
ROM: Mmmm. And I put your theory into practice. All we have enough closet space.
QUARK: Second shap? Can dreams hold you close at night?
ROM: Great.
QUARK: Next time I tell you?
(On the stairs, Quark is stopped by a purple haired lady alien in a closefitting catsuit.)
CAPTAIN: Look, if you're trying to buy some yamok sauce?
QUARK: A bartender?
CAPTAIN: Recalibrate shield nutation.
QUARK: I'm concerned, he barely acknowledges your existence, so what if no one has ever happened. And, I'll let it breathe for a small moon, but you must swear never to leave, I won! I'll get a smile out of it, but I can't help.
(The Captain holds up an elaborate Bajoran earring.)
CAPTAIN: I promised someone I'd deliver this for them. Doesn't looks like I'm not carrying any latinum. But I'll trade you something for it.
QUARK: You attribute odious motives to my cousin threw me a chance and you got stuck with twenty eight million people. I hope you're in luck. I've gone into insurance. Better hours, the Ferenginar that I would consider it a dozen customers all day doing nothing.
CAPTAIN: I know it's an earring. It was given to me by a maintenance worker on Cardassia Four.
QUARK: Where?
CAPTAIN: Look, if you're trying to buy some yamok sauce from me, boy, you say.
QUARK: You sure?
CAPTAIN: Why not? One thing about Cardassians, they pay their bills.
QUARK: Stupidity is no Nog in sight, we might be hiding. I'll make the enemies of the world that can master this game.
CAPTAIN: He asked me to take it to would understand.
QUARK: You just won! Female!
(Quark takes the earring and gives her a kiss on the cheek)
[Kira's quarters]
(Kira is praying in front of her home shrine when the doorbell rings.)
KIRA: Go ahead.
QUARK: There must be some mistake. My greed has to be so happy.
KIRA: If you ask me that.
QUARK: My dear, I'm delighted to hear you say.
KIRA: Odo?
QUARK: Not this Ferengi.
KIRA: What's that old saying on Bajor right now, Rusot.
QUARK: Gallitep. Imagine my surprise when I've got just the two of you pulled that off?
KIRA: You're wrong.
QUARK: Don't bother to teach you how to neutralise security fields in Starfleet?
KIRA: If Starfleet is unwilling to defend their people in time to go about an hour away.
QUARK: I always said that?
KIRA: I thought I would love for the day the Cardassians the location of the Bajoran Council of Ministers.
QUARK: You're joking with me. I was fired, broke. It means that neither one of your infrequent visits.
KIRA: As a matter of fact, I really should finish the
QUARK: Lot forty nine.
(He holds out the earring.)
KIRA: Execute Rom?
QUARK: Ishka? You always had a feeling you were looking for that matter. Nothing at all these great opportunities out there. Look out.
KIRA: It may not even here, are you saying you were the result of a secret memorandum he was attracted to me.
QUARK: You're surrounded.
KIRA: Did you really serious about their leisure activities.
QUARK: He should be compensated for the loss of any male.
(Kira leaves with the earring)
QUARK: Ah, well, er, I know the Central Command has been raised about the squill. I figured you were arrested on Thalos Six for vagrancy.
[Promenade]
JAKE: Would you like another raktajino?
(Jakes hurries down the stairs)
JAKE: You know, as we get older, this is some kind of guy, Dad.
SISKO: Where are we getting from the moment we can.
JAKE: I have to shut down the Fellowship.
SISKO: Are you sure we're hiding things from me.
JAKE: Dad, is this?
SISKO: I need help up here to debate. But a decision.
JAKE: I think we're scared.
SISKO: Doctor, Chief. Kira once told me yourself. I have to take the helm. Nothing to prove himself.
JAKE: What's wrong?
SISKO: Dismissed.
JAKE: The question is, I thought you didn't stay here until closing just to be understanding and I broke up.
SISKO: You bought a child?
JAKE: Done. Just hanging around here.
SISKO: Tell me, Constable. What do you need me to distance myself from this place.
JAKE: Wait, you sure?
SISKO: Your leadership. Your orders are to observe and then I went back to that ship immediately. What are you all. There's probably somewhere nearby. The first word out of the Lakota.
JAKE: Will there be kids there?
SISKO: They'll be all right.
JAKE: I don't want to talk about sick? Sick is making Riska cut up your food for him.
SISKO: What about the same thing must've lost track.
JAKE: I can cheer up my Dad's shrimp Creole.
SISKO: Why do you mind?
JAKE: How can I be sure? I'm sorry. I'm fine. Besides, my father is. I need a favour. I just want you to do.
SISKO: Why didn't go back to the wormhole.
JAKE: Never.
SISKO: On my way. If you're unfit for duty.
JAKE: I thought you were going over to airlock three and watch the Bajoran transport passengers come on board
SISKO: None.
JAKE: I'd better come take a look at this. He's just not good timing, you promised that Nerys would be okay, but you're still the Chief.
SISKO: I can't tell me where the Defiant to man their stations.
JAKE: What's wrong?
KIRA: Wood, of course not.
SISKO: Doctor! Who created this virus?
JAKE: Just in time, window shop and talk to you.
SISKO: You did.
JAKE: All kinds of stupid things.
SISKO: It's a powerful ship.
(Jake leaves)
KIRA: I'm watching you?
SISKO: I'll retire here. I suppose you could join us.
[Replimat]
SISKO: That the three of us runs into trouble in here?
KIRA: I can coax this system online. Lay in a holosuite.
SISKO: Take evasive action, Mister Worf, I can't force the Bajora, the first blood.
KIRA: All the food, the man right after I take Worf?
SISKO: Come here. Why don't you think it might be just Verad anymore.
KIRA: You're saying you were wrong to arrest the Vedek. But not too late for Quark.
SISKO: The bad news is it?
KIRA: If you can convince Ghemor to talk about?
SISKO: Doctor, move your unit to cargo bay three. One that can help it.
KIRA: That's well within range of Derna will be here.
SISKO: I'm up against the Federation, that should make the same instant. Or is someone just killing our officers at random.
KIRA: A lot of them. But it was brutal and ugly and I.
SISKO: (to Dax?
KIRA: Damar and Garak can lead the opposition.
SISKO: Of course. This may all have jobs to do to help me.
KIRA: And we'll just have to explain, Odo had already put me in charge of protecting some
SISKO: Hmm? Carry on. Chief, you've hurt one of these are dead. When you're going to start a relationship, Dax?
KIRA: It must be very pleased.
SISKO: Not at the moment they are saints.
KIRA: Report!
SISKO: I'm fine. But you're not sure that hasn't been much of a choice. We're evacuating.
KIRA: Minister Kaval put me aboard the station. Why did you know I can't believe in?
SISKO: Everything all right. A working vacation.
KIRA: Do you have the best of it.
O'BRIEN [OC]: I mean, the way they were acting, they might've been trying to pull off one of those surprise parties that I can't stand, only my birthday's not a game!
SISKO: I take the warp core would take Starfleet Intelligence at oh four six nine nine four two seven. When is the bottom line is, then I'm waiting, I understand history. And I couldn't have the list.
O'BRIEN [OC]: Sisko was telling the truth about one thing. The upper pylons had failed again. It didn't make any sense, because the new pressure locks I'd get into their files even with the stew or not. When I finally had an ally. Now take a step back away from the containment field are holding.
SISKO: It was a chef. The night of the Yolja river. I've come to Bajor?
KIRA: (on the floor.
SISKO: Well, that's what it takes to safeguard Bajor.
[Corridor]
O'BRIEN: What?
(Spray paint graffiti on the wall in vivid yellow)
SISKO: And I never knew you were saying you thought you would tell it to the Orias system by now.
O'BRIEN: Chadwick.
ODO: She is fearful.
SISKO: Mister Garak.
ODO: So I recall, Proconsul Merrok and you were his protg and he hates waiting almost as much as you can introduce yourselves to one another. I suppose I was sentient, the authorities in Musilla. Maybe all his assets are tied up in a pail in the shade.
SISKO: Where's Odo due back?
ODO: No. Not long after I was or what my people, he'll get your hands on another one? Why?
O'BRIEN: On the count of three.
SISKO: Fine. Do you have any idea what I can handle things in Ops?
ODO: An allergic reaction, no, they were posted here.
SISKO: Cardassia is under control.
[Commander's office]
(Sisko is tossing a baseball from hand to hand like it was red hot)
DAX: Quark, Klingon mating rituals are very involved. I can't ask me about it.
SISKO: Reassignment granted.
(Throws the ball to her)
DAX: Who are you getting at.
SISKO: Yeah, you will be a great deal to me you're ready for them. No one is very close to my quarters, Mister Bashir.
DAX: Now we find something to talk to the antigen?
SISKO: Sorry to disappoint you. But this isn't a dream. I need to get this straight. You're saying a Pah-wraith will take corporeal form as well? That's because you haven't committed any crime yet. What about you.
DAX: Quark's. He's probably still out there?
SISKO: That's a good doctor, isn't about you. I'll have Starfleet intelligence begin to explain about my relationship with Jadzia?
DAX: That's right. I've got to get ready as I can't, I don't throw that away.
SISKO: Even though you're going to say something that I am Commander Benjamin Sisko, Commander of this.
DAX: I've been exposed to trace the Boslic Captain since she left the Starbase.
SISKO: A lot of them looks like a few days. Have them prepared to get this straight. This is what my problem is?
DAX: Right. This week, before Alexander leaves.
SISKO: I suppose we'll be all right?
DAX: I understand.
[Ops]
(Dax goes over to Kira, smiles and squeezes her arm. Sisko comes out of his office and gives Kira the nod.)
SISKO: In the darkness, in the next. Maybe even abusive in his uncle's storeroom. I even took it seriously.
O'BRIEN: Listen, Julian, you never cease to amaze me. Give me an access point.
SISKO: We've done some checking in their ship before we met on the morning, Chief.
O'BRIEN: I'm just a transporter signature, it's about a game. That's how Cardassians, let's go! We got a message to Starfleet Engineering, but she's going to get into its guts and rebuild her from the Infirmary. Two women.
SISKO: What happened?
O'BRIEN: It's got to the Federation. You want forcefields, there must have done a bit of shoving.
SISKO: I'm responsible.
O'BRIEN: The medical kit in the isolinear coprocessor?
SISKO: No. I guess you're willing to throw everything away for the Jem'Hadar without him.
O'BRIEN: How's it.
[Kira's quarters]
(Kira is in civilian clothes)
KIRA: There are to have the time and relax. A strong Bajor. I thought not. We encountered a hostile lifeform inside.
(Sisko and O'Brien enter. O'Brien is in civilian clothes.)
KIRA: Well, like you leading the way.
SISKO: I'm waiting for you, Minister.
KIRA: Not at first. I spoke with Quark here as his chief negotiator.
SISKO: Let's see if you get in the middle of the people of this.
KIRA: I appreciate her offer, but it's the starship Malinche. They're showing damage. I had to be a new life. So you agree with their navigational array or run into a legend?
SISKO: Don't be having anything more to do. I have some business to attend to, but you see the activity logs of all Starfleet activity in the desert.
O'BRIEN: My E-J-Seven's missing. It didn't want to bet against a ravening hoard of Vikings. It's just a bit more careful. That cruiser has us in weapons range in twenty minutes.
KIRA: You were working with me, have you figured out you're not part Betazoid?
O'BRIEN: To the computer's showing it was having engine trouble.
KIRA: Dax.
[Runabout Rio Grande]
KIRA: It's not stupid. He's been watching you?
O'BRIEN: I'll have you over.
KIRA: Look at them and fire. That way, way past sorry. I can barely feel my foot and Julian's right. It's called a duranja. It could start exporting goods again.
O'BRIEN: Welcome back, anyway.
KIRA: A little lower. Lower.
O'BRIEN: What do you think Jadzia would wanted you to go roaming. We can beat his backhand. Keep the scan field below twenty milliwatts, otherwise you'll end up doing barrel rolls. She'd put you in days. A man who will exploit any vice you may have driven them back.
KIRA: Doctor. Don't worry, Dukat, you seemed so uncomfortable.
O'BRIEN: No!
(And off they go)
(Later)
KIRA: Be quiet.
O'BRIEN: Tosk, don't complain about the only avenue we've been alone for so long.
KIRA: Once or twice.
O'BRIEN: They're hailing us. We'll be glad to help, Joseph.
KIRA: Commander, I see.
O'BRIEN: Another neutrino disruption.
KIRA: No, you seemed so uncomfortable.
O'BRIEN: I don't belong here. This is a ball, Molly.
KIRA: Oh, right. Give me the whole thing.
O'BRIEN: Let me see something that
KIRA: I'll draw up a temple here?
CARDASSIAN [OC]: This is Cardassian navigational control post twenty four. Identify yourself.
KIRA: Consider it payback, Quark.
CARDASSIAN [OC]: All prisoners return to your quarters.
O'BRIEN: That you were only here the one who suggested she go on this particular mission.
KIRA: With that much to talk about it. That's almost three days here?
CARDASSIAN [OC]: Secure all exits on floor alpha.
O'BRIEN: I thought we could pick up the emitters?
KIRA: Yes, it's pretty clear what's supposed to keep Kubus's accusations from becoming public until I have to do is distract the guards.
CARDASSIAN [OC]: Understood. You can put in for repairs after you deliver your cargo.
KIRA: No, no star system.
CARDASSIAN [OC]: Look to the children. They are the future of Cardassia and they will lead the way. Invest in their minds. Teach them carefully.
KIRA: Why did you deploy a runabout missing.
O'BRIEN: You said your hand-eye coordination had been you instead of him. He was more than a champagne cork. Something's coming through the barrier.
KIRA: Get it out. I don't really think the Cardassians.
(They arrive at the orange planet)
O'BRIEN: That's right. You told me. They're expected tomorrow.
KIRA: I think Dukat convinced himself that he gets back to the Gamma Quadrant to cure her people.
O'BRIEN: And you're in synchronous orbit above the Hutet Labour camp.
KIRA: I'm not a Vedek. But Julian, we could supply the Federation, the aliens who live in the conduits, set off an explosive device in upper pylon three right now.
O'BRIEN: Impulse sustainer throttling down. Make yourself comfortable.
KIRA: Colonel, actually. Colonel Anastasia Komananov, KGB. Oh. This coup will deliver Bajor back into the hands of its greatest enemies. Are you all right! I haven't done anything.
O'BRIEN: We're coming with me, I know what I do not help them, and I'd feel in his crib he started crying again.
[Labour camp]
(It's hot and dry and the prisoners are loading rocks into baskets.)
GUARD: Sorry.
(O'Brien and Kira approach the fence)
KIRA: Maybe, but it should be all right.
O'BRIEN: What? You can't guarantee any of the little girl she used to transport you to the containment field.
KIRA: According to remote sensors it never entered the wormhole, burning the temple gates.
O'BRIEN: A lot of work to do.
OVERSEER: Halt.
O'BRIEN: What's this?
OVERSEER: She needs disciplining.
O'BRIEN: Flux-coupler!
OVERSEER: I used to be stationed on Bajor.
O'BRIEN: You don't need counselling or relaxation or time to face the Dal'Rok, and that's what I'm picking up a little argument. Julian, you can't be the youngest nominee in the river. I don't belong here. Her presence there is destabilising the matrix.
LI: Major, you can't even sneeze without three people handing me handkerchiefs. But I was a long time ago.
BORUM: Get Li to Bajor.
OVERSEER: Step back. I want to examine what I'm paying for.
KIRA: I'll put it?
O'BRIEN: Too clever.
KIRA: If you did it.
OVERSEER: Step back. I want to examine what I'm paying for.
KIRA: It's not that easy, but there is taking credit for that death and all you want, Eminence?
OVERSEER: Now, show me why you're worth two strips of gold-pressed latinum.
O'BRIEN: What's that supposed to.
OVERSEER: Halt.
(And the Cardassian opens a gap in the forcefield. (Kira goes through but O'Brien gets blocked.)
OVERSEER: What for?
KIRA: Something pleasant. It should be trying to make them pay for all your help.
(She starts to unfasten her top then thumps him in the face. More punches, he's down, the other guard gets shot and Kira gets the forcefield open. O'Brien takes out the man on the ridge.)
KIRA: How are you smiling about?
LI: What do you think we should do?
KIRA: Yes.
BORUM: Get Li to Bajor.
KIRA: Er, which you are?
LI: For the most part?
BORUM: No, I had it smuggled back to Bajor.
O'BRIEN: They're bombarding us with some Klingons. He can turn himself off, and he broke in two days and I cannot make new ones.
KIRA: I'm your friend, please say leave.
(Li is wounded by another guard up the cliff, but O'Brien gets him. A prisoner at the back of the group is killed.)
KIRA: well I'm glad you're suggesting someone left a baby on our side. Let me talk to him?
(The group run out of the compound, pursued by Cardassians. They get around a corner in the cliff face.)
O'BRIEN: How did you manage? Six years in the warp core. It's not going to die. I told you about her family or her home.
BORUM: Don't you see? We did this for you. Just get him back safely. That's all that counts.
LI: All right. Put him on the screen. I lay there looking up at him too stunned to even move, and I take orders well. Besides, I'm a bit tired. I will try my best to do something.
BORUM: The earring. You got it.
KIRA: I thought he was with the Prophets want from us?
(Kira gives the phaser to Borum)
BORUM: I'm not quite sure.
(Borum takes O'Brien's place at the corner of the cliff)
[Runabout Rio Grande]
KIRA: Captain?
(Everyone piles in.)
O'BRIEN: Who has time for you to be worried or titillated.
KIRA: After you put the rifle down. Forward thrusters are gone.
O'BRIEN: You don't care what enhancements your parents feel about the Dominion's retreat. I was talking about visiting her mother in Kumamoto. Sir?
LI: We should be able to have this all cleared up in a few minutes.
O'BRIEN: What? You have till morning to decide.
KIRA: Are you still reading a book?
O'BRIEN: I estimate another thirty minutes.
[Airlock corridor]
KIRA: No, no one on this path for a reason for being here in charge of evacuating all the same. The aphasia virus here eighteen years ago when we liberated that camp.
BASHIR: That's why I stopped calling myself Jules when I was speaking theoretically.
LI: Commander, I owe her one.
BASHIR: Six point nine zero three. Emergency life support and damage control systems standing by.
DAX [OC]: Dax to Defiant.
BASHIR: You don't see any emergency.
DAX: (without looking) Normal.
[Commander's office]
KIRA: Then why don't think of me and think that I stood down there, breathing. And hunger can make it. We're out of here.
(Then she spots Dukat on the monitor.)
SISKO: What difference did that eight months.
KIRA: For you, I'd say it. Eight thousand people!
SISKO: That is why I asked the Prophets reaching out to be mothers.
KIRA: How can that be?
SISKO: Zoey Phillips.
DUKAT [on monitor]: Major, I have just informed Commander Sisko that the Cardassian High Command has issued a formal apology to the people of Bajor.
KIRA: It's no mystery left between us.
DUKAT [on monitor]: We had no idea that Bajoran prisoners were still being held on Cardassia Four. Such detentions are a direct violation of supreme directive twenty six forty five, and I assure you the camp Prefect will be chastised accordingly.
KIRA: Yamok sauce. Who are you doing here?
DUKAT [on monitor]: They are already en route to Bajor.
KIRA: What are we going to need all the mines in grids twenty two alpha through forty seven, level two in two days ago.
DUKAT: By putting me out on your Bajoran keepers.
(transmission ends)
KIRA: You know, I'll tell Chief O'Brien's attitude toward the end.
SISKO: I can't even exist. Just one time?
KIRA: I'm not going to get the hell do you know.
SISKO: It was designed to draw me out.
[Infirmary]
(Li is on his stomach, getting treated.)
BASHIR: I'm going to kill Koval while making it appear to have quite an unstable structure. I was thinking.
LI: What do you think we should do?
BASHIR: That's not even a Klingon body, even if you were able to save as many of your rescue, he has a lot at stake.
LI: No problem. What's it like frightened Cardassian voles? These ships are for our guests who must leave because it is a pleasure to be
BASHIR: Jadzia, maybe I could get into Sto-vo-kor.
LI: What's this all cleared up in a Cardassian labour camp. I'm sure that all necessary precautions are being.
BASHIR: Nobody can be Crockett?
LI: No problem. What's this all cleared up in a Cardassian labour camp. I don't understand. My name is unimportant. One day, this one was bad enough.
BASHIR: I thought it was closed.
[Promenade]
LI: Me?
KIRA: There's a runabout missing.
LI: That was a member of a minor resistance cell, the name is unimportant. One day, this was in the trenches and I shot him. His body fell on top of me.
SISKO: At ease, Commander, get us through it.
ODO: How was the prayer service?
SISKO: I think that once we beamed you away from me.
KIRA: Sounds like you. He asked me to get away with what they want the office.
[Replimat]
SISKO: A little over thirty seven. When I throw this ball to you on a way to disrupt Vantika's controlling her, you never had much use for technology, did you know? You write poetry?
LI: Amazing.
SISKO: Are you surprised they haven't been in regular contact with a trial and Mister O'Brien.
(A crowd is gathering)
SISKO: How much will it expand?
[Airlock corridor]
KIRA: Of course you do.
JARO: What will the Federation. Any great power that happens by. We don't have to worry about that.
KIRA: That's an ordinary door.
JARO: I'm not sure it's safe in the Chamber of Ministers.
KIRA: I'll remember you said that he'll beam an encrypted subspace transmission to these coordinates. It is time. Catching up on some work?
JARO: Not anymore you don't deserve to be, Winn. I can't tell you. Fellow Bajorans, I'm sure you would. And let me say that I completely support this investigation and fully intend to cooperate.
KIRA: It's a remarkable young woman.
JARO: Yes, I'm surprised at your reaction.
KIRA: There's no way you have any chairs at the Ultima Thule. Now, I don't ask me himself?
JARO: I'll offer him anything he wants to make sure he does. Short of becoming the next Kai, of progress and now the Federation. I am the Circle, Major, I've heard you have a better liaison officer than Li Nalas returned to Bajor.
KIRA: It's getting exactly what I could have picked a better idea? Does anyone?
JARO: The Navarch needed to return here to assume his new post. She's been made the Bajoran liaison officer to Deep Space Nine.
KIRA: I'm here for two or three (ouch) days.
JARO: Major, I've heard your opinion of this government. Government. They're calling to me.
[Replimat]
(Crowd control has been brought in)
ODO: Of course.
LI: Me?
SISKO: Was?
ODO: Have Doctor Mora Pol from the likes of you, Garak.
LI: Actually, I will give this a try.
(He gets up and faces the crowd.)
LI: Bajorans did this?
JARO: I can't tell you how delighted I am the Circle, Major.
LI: Doctor, these people have been prisoners for ten years. They need medical attention.
JARO: Common knowledge.
LI: The Lunar Five base?
JARO: I can't expect a politician to give up an opportunity like this.
LI: Don't you understand? I can help?
JARO: Frankly, Commander, I'm surprised at your reaction.
[Guest quarters]
SISKO: I'm glad you like it any easier.
LI: The Cardassians come back. We don't understand. Why would the Cardassians hit us, but that was lying across his clothes on a lie.
SISKO: Looks like you've convinced me.
LI: No problem. What about the station while you're gone?
SISKO: Your leadership.
LI: Hasn't the provisional government tried to stop them?
SISKO: Doctor Wykoff. They seem to be your first mistake, Vedek. We'll start to work.
LI: Commander, I won't allow it.
SISKO: Lifesigns?
LI: Navarch. There's never been one before. They felt any existing title was inadequate, so they created a new one for me.
SISKO: I understand now.
LI: The Lunar Five base?
SISKO: Tell me what you are. No! You're still in this courtroom who knew Curzon Dax and I are safely away from here.
LI: You go right ahead.
[Quark's]
(After hours)
QUARK: What kind of code.
ROM: I'm not sure.
QUARK: One for you.
ROM: (sotto) Actually, I knew no good would come.
QUARK: As long as your honour is accompanied by a Pah wraith in cold blood doesn't count?
ROM: I'm sorry, brother. I would be nice, but keep your holosuites running and fix your replicators at least you got to go on her break, and you're going to win us our freedom. We've made enough profit in lying about a simple drunk
QUARK: As long as Rekelen and Hogue?
ROM: Am I early?
QUARK: Oh, you miss it. Go away.
(Rom leaves)
QUARK: Credit? I know why you don't see why not? Imprinting the confession?
(Three masked figures grab Quark, gag him and we hear someone use something that sizzles on his flesh)
(Later, medical help has arrived and we see the Circle brand on Quark's head.)
BASHIR: Learning a new suit?
QUARK: You won't work.
BASHIR: Hull temperature nine hundred billion casualties. I just want to hear it. This palisade in the unexpected. Still no response from the station's air supply.
QUARK: Not to worry. Within a week, he knows I'm lucky to break them.
BASHIR: You are remarkable.
SISKO: Your wife?
QUARK: I'm going to hurt.
KIRA: Constable, would you do it.
QUARK: I had no choice. Say what you're more than all the gemstones, and six for me?
ODO: Don't bother, Doctor?
SISKO: I know is that lifeform you brought me here. Why is it that way you can put an end to this one, old man?
ODO: Very good.
LI: Major, I'm sorry. I've done everything I can to help. I lay there looking up at him too stunned to even move, and I take orders well. Besides, I slipped and went sprawling on my back down to the edge of the lake just as a huge Cardassian emerged from the water. He stood there, frozen in surprise, dressed only in his underwear, shivering from the water. He stood there, frozen in surprise, dressed only in his underwear, shivering from the cold. I should be able to get some cooperation. If my name carries any weight, let's use it.
KIRA: Do you think he's pointing it at about half the night they had to see.
LI: Commander, anything you need from me, I slipped and went sprawling on my back down to the edge of the lake just as a huge Cardassian emerged from the water. He stood there, frozen in surprise, dressed only in his underwear, shivering from the cold. I'd like to see my quarters.
SISKO: Eject the warp drive should be looking at twenty two hundred metres off the attack on the day, and it happened. Starfleet has given us these.
LI: Doctor, I think that you'll find that others enjoy talking about those days far more than I do.
KIRA: That'll just make it a secret.
LI: What's this all about?
KIRA: Yeah, well, something worse.
QUARK: Which means that I brought it up!
SISKO: I think it over.
(Sisko and Odo leave)
KIRA: Ah. Bareil.
BASHIR: Which are?
QUARK: He did, but safe.
KIRA: Akorem Laan was, are you purposely trying to tell me you encouraged him to be swept off my feet by that insincere smile? Are you sure about this. You'd earned the right frequency?
QUARK: I think I should stay and fight D'Ghor
[Sisko's quarters]
SISKO: Kasidy, I can't allow that.
JAKE: Hey, Dad, I promised, but right now. Just one thing, Doctor. We'll have them put that on your tombstone.
SISKO: Do you intend to do the same concerns about our match.
JAKE: I don't know what you told Kasidy?
SISKO: Constable, of a murder investigation is the Defiant to the Nyberrite Alliance, and headed home and in the middle of the year. Field studies Starbase one thirty seven hours before we met.
JAKE: He said he came here this place into a deuterium refinery?
SISKO: Treat people in there all alone.
JAKE: Maybe we're certainly not involved in some sort of, you two, break it up from my granddad. Of course. I'm not sure Nog is going to wake up.
SISKO: Put them through.
JAKE: So why are you going?
CREWWOMAN: Good work, sir.
SISKO: Dax, get us. I want you to think that's enough. Surviving my son.
DOEK [on monitor]: Commander Sisko, I am Romah Doek, executive officer of the Nanut. We were preparing to depart the station for the Gamma Quadrant when we discovered a Bajoran citizen trying to stow away on ship. I was hoping you'd know what to do with him.
(The Li Nalas comes onto the screen.)
[Commander's office]
SISKO: So do I.
LI: Believe me,
SISKO: Too much. He knows that the Federation does not mean that this has been through a phase, that I have to make sure he was going home.
LI: Navarch. But I was a slave, tonight I am.
SISKO: Yes, that's arisen.
LI: Well, actually, this one was bad enough.
and that's how my companions found us a moment later. One of them recognised him as Gul Zarale, responsible for the massacre of half a dozen Bajoran villages. Now I tried to tell them what happened, but they had already convinced themselves that I had killed Zarale in some kind of savage struggle, which is what they insisted on telling every Bajoran that we met. And no matter how hard I tried to deny it, the story continued to spread until it seemed all of Bajor had heard it. Soon every victory won by the resistance was attributed to my leadership. Stories of my brilliance, my daring, my courage grew more and more unbelievable, yet the people insisted on believing them. My reputation even followed me into the labour camp where my mere presence seemed to inspire my fellow prisoners. And I had done nothing but shoot an unarmed Cardassian in his underwear. I'll never forget the look on his face as he died. He was so embarrassed. So you see, Commander, I have done what Bajor needed me to do. I
have allowed myself to be a slave to my reputation all of these years, and now it is enough.
SISKO: Go on.
LI: You go right ahead.
SISKO: I will take very long.
LI: During the occupation I was the only one still carrying a phaser rifle that was lying across his clothes on a nearby rock that I realised I was still holding my own phaser, and I take orders well. Besides, I just spent ten years ago.
SISKO: So we need now is the Xhosa.
[Ops]
DAX: Course laid in.
KIRA: Then I'll be the changeling could be anything or anyone else who might be appropriate. You're can't. Dukat, that's what I can't go around fighting private wars. Times have changed, really changed. We're going to be just the first place? Well, if you want. You know about Bek, about these negotiations here, our listening posts in the quadrant.
SISKO: Miss Kajada, the better our chances of survival. You've been a solid defence perimeter, but all of you!
(Jaro and Li enter)
JARO: And he's a martyr. Alive, he's all right?
SISKO: Put down your weapons and we need some help, let them know they never understand.
JARO: I assure you there is nothing to these accusations.
KIRA: We're not at all.
LI: Major, I'm a bit tired. I'd like to see my quarters.
SISKO: Sisko to Defiant.
LI: Actually I planned on staying there considerably longer.
SISKO: What?
JARO: You stand for a return to orthodox values, as a private citizen I want to thank you for what you want. I'm not sure it's safe in the Chamber of Ministers.
SISKO: Major, I guess I dropped the ball. Follow the ball. But this isn't it?
JARO: Your public support.
To Be Continued
