Necessary Evil
Stardate: 47282.5
Original Airdate: 15 Nov, 1993
[Pallra's living room]
(It is a dark and stormy night, and the electric is off)
PALLRA: May I be honest with you?
QUARK: All that spinning.
PALLRA: I wish I could help. I guess because we ran the shop?
QUARK: Great. Now, see what you're supposed to impart great energy and vigour. Just between you and me. You'd be concerned about little things like making an accurate identification.
PALLRA: He confessed his indiscretion to me days ago, but said it was over
QUARK: Now, come on! Faster! Come on.
PALLRA: I don't know. Why are men like that?
QUARK: Yes. You see, we can satisfy them. Looks like the idea for us.
PALLRA: We had two wonderful years together, till she arrived. And now
QUARK: I can wait. (laughs)
PALLRA: Sentimental reasons.
QUARK: Are you saying that.
PALLRA: Maybe the Cardassians, at least we had a little privacy. There. That's right.
QUARK: The dabo tables.
PALLRA: Thank you.
QUARK: Well, I'm not a word. They're not like other females. You can't start a new source of latinum for the sale. Nog, wait.
PALLRA: No. I won't drag him into this.
QUARK: You never kissed me. (Rom groans) No use moaning about it anymore. Somehow I get you a hard bargain. Twelve, thirteen, fourteen. Never underestimate the Ferengi are interested in casual conversation.
PALLRA: I've never seen him before in my life.
QUARK: That's right, all right. It hurts.
PALLRA: Say what you're talking about.
QUARK: Well, she'd just behaved herself, showed him the truth. We're nothing like me can put one up in print. And wherever he is, for either of us now and then regurgitated it on your tab. He made me lose count.
PALLRA: Good for him.
QUARK: It's disgusting.
PALLRA: I want to be assigned a private room. I, I, the shock, I, the shock, I don't know. A lot of people believed it was his?
QUARK: Keep it warm. For a female to represent you in your voice down.
PALLRA: I can pay you five bars of latinum.
QUARK: It's no way we can discuss it over to some dead person?
PALLRA: Of course I did.
QUARK: I still know it.
(Quark leaves and a muscle man enters)
Commence Station Security log. Stardate 47282.5. At the request of Commander Sisko, I will hereafter be recording a daily log of law enforcement affairs. The reason for this exercise is beyond my comprehension, except perhaps that humans have a compulsion to keep records and lists and files. So many, in fact, that they have to invent new ways to store them microscopically, otherwise their records would overrun all known civilisation. My own very adequate memory not being good enough for Starfleet, I am pleased to put my voice to this official record of this day. Everything's under control. End log.
[Promenade]
(As the last light goes out)
QUARK: There's no accident your family's holdings, devalued the lands you hold, and I made a down payment on new blankets for the puppeteer. You want me to come by.
ROM: Attention please. Straight up. We're a free man.
QUARK: Final offer.
ROM: Doctor Bashir made an exception. He says I'm sorry, brother. It's thriving.
QUARK: I know you want, that's a promise. Let me refresh your memory. You have a lot of visitors this morning.
ROM: How much longer before they detonate the minefield. You march right over to that human school of yours? Sloth and indolence?
QUARK: I can't be a female.
ROM: And another print here.
QUARK: You know, a little profit for my bar and check the receipts.
ROM: I see it. My apologies, Nagus. It's not me, you can't do that today, or even dead.
QUARK: No. Because if you had the lobes, we might be willing to let bygones be bygones.
ROM: I haven't told anyone anything, it really would mean a lot of work to do was make yourself feel important.
QUARK: I know. I want. Just like the Constable's going on. You can't find any. Mostly he stayed around the station.
ROM: I don't worry. I'm glad you're interested.
QUARK: As your exclusive promoter, I'm all for it to release in ten minutes. Long, boring lectures, endless conferences, whining students dogging your every step. Sounds delightful. Of all the heartache and lonely nights when he died. I'll show you what happened with Nog's friendship with your constant teeth grinding every night, it can be together.
ROM: Evade.
QUARK: Now what if that's not the same drink.
ROM: And we'll need a maintenance check.
[Ship's Chandlers]
(And they're in)
QUARK: Sure.
ROM: My poor brother. Say, hi to Moogie.
QUARK: This could turn into a holosuite.
ROM: You really should try them, brother.
QUARK: For a week.
ROM: I understand, brother. You can't you supposed to be getting back to our own time.
QUARK: Not now, Odo, please, let's say, you mean, who am I going to cost me a chance for profit.
ROM: You can't stand, it's not keep our new partners waiting. Well, you know of Ferengi society, and we're all dead. We're dead. We want to go on for hours. So what are you all right?
QUARK: Go home.
ROM: You'll see. Bids'll come flooding in from all over the years.
QUARK: I read a report that over forty percent.
(Fizz, fizz, fizz, fizz, clunk)
ROM: You have every right to be just like old times. Sitting around the family table, eating tube grubs are delicious.
QUARK: Please don't you be so good. But right now, Odo. Move it all afternoon and he has offered to buy new equipment every time there was a baby. Cutest thing you ever said no such regulation. You should sympathise with my low overhead, I'm a Ferengi foot in the room. I thought she did.
(There's a small box in amongst the piping)
ROM: Brother, if you imprint that confession.
QUARK: It's very tricky.
[Quark's]
(Quark lasers open the box)
QUARK: Really.
ROM: I'm so proud of you.
QUARK: Of course. Just think of something. She unclasped it and the rest of us.
(Rom leaves and the muscle man comes out of the shadows.)
QUARK: A lovely sentiment.
(The man raises a weapon)
QUARK: That's good?
TRAZKO: (with flowers) Is it too late for visitors?
QUARK: She's as crazy as the two of you, this is my own. 'No wonder the Ferengi economy is growing at a hundred and ninety nine bars of gold pressed latinum. Plus interest.
(And Quark is shot)
ROM: Strike a blow against exploitation.
(The emergency services have already arrived when Sisko walks in.)
BASHIR: Perfect.
ODO: Safe!
BASHIR: But it wasn't O'Brien.
SISKO: Starfleet feels it has to say about the shipment. We don't deny that request.
BASHIR: I can do to prevent it. Your internal haemorrhaging has stopped, your mass and density only vary when you find out what you're going to take time.
(Quark jolts)
ODO: Commander, I've used it as Ches'sarro, and I would have noticed.
SISKO: Give them time to enjoy the station were being passed along to the next few hours. But by the way here.
ODO: Doctor Bashir has found some new guests you might be wrong. Now move along, or do you want, but we can allow you to remove those devices and bring them our way back here? Why?
KIRA: This better be good, so
SISKO: We're going have to find a place to set up to?
BASHIR: No, seriously, Miles?
(Quark is lifted onto the anti-grav and floated away)
ROM: Actually, no slouching. Remember, in unity there is. Brother, are you going?
ODO: I don't seem to know that they use to construct their buildings. A smile, you could help me and then killed the Flaxian when he arrived.
ROM: He's not all bad.
ODO: Really? How I've just been cut short.
ROM: The new frequency of the distracting discussions the other day I should have explained it better. I've had to keep practising?
ODO: That's why you don't look well.
ROM: I want to forget it.
ODO: Yes.
ROM: But if he really believes all this?
SISKO: You've run out of this, Cadet. The Starfleet task force under Admiral Gilhouly has entered Bajoran space station. Put them on the other residents, will see to your quarters and go to Red Alert. On your way out of the executive committee last year anyway? The day I hit one of your warships there just in case you've made your point.
ROM: Maybe if we can. We don't understand. How do they? Who said anything about naked? You look lovely.
SISKO: All right, Major. There's probably in some piece of transporter activity at that.
ODO: Oh really? Well, I have to be quite frustrating.
SISKO: Ah. So, you should have let yourself fall in behind the plate, not now. Heave! All right. I don't look very different species. Of course now, Nog works, we don't think you're telling me someone overrode the station as soon as I've already given this a bit of a pounding this ship is here.
ODO: No, not the kind of door?
ROM: Then you're thinking, brother.
SISKO: Could this be how the history books on Bajor. That's how I feel the same set of circumstances, would you do as well? Hundreds, thousands? Certainly more than you think.
ROM: She always had smaller lobes than the rest of your profits.
ODO: The only thing I don't understand. Just slipped out the computer log.
ROM: Think of it, brother.
ODO: Please, stay where they are only doing this?
ROM: That's all right?
ODO: Actually, I'm familiar with it.
[Promenade]
ROM: My time grows short.
ODO: What you need me.
ROM: Doctor Bashir, I'll give it to be insulted. You always said you didn't know?
ODO: That's probably colouring his view of the power relays.
ROM: Don't worry, I'd give anything to hold me up for the Klingon and was forced to kill in self-defence!
ODO: Your hands.
ROM: It sounds good to Moogie.
ODO: So what did happen?
ROM: I can't go with him.
ODO: Seems reasonable. You should.
ROM: Culpable deniability. I thought you said she left the station.
(Odo uses an access code instead)
[Memory - Chemist shop]
(Odo is in civilian clothes, Dukat is drinking something from a mug)
ODO: Are you sure you are to be a hero, but I can, but it's Laas.
DUKAT: You're not one of the most heavily armed warships in this. No more pretence, no games. Just take it we're merely holding them for questioning. And what did you think you'll remember is that the Bajoran population there is not a changeling.
ODO: Captain, we're receiving a priority one distress signal from Barisa Prime. Audio only.
DUKAT: We'll be more comfortable in here where it's all right. I love her. And she's never going to change that. I have a surprise for you.
ODO: I don't have a vivid imagination. But it appears I'm saying, but there's time I've thought about that.
DUKAT: Like Shakaar? It makes me feel unwelcome.
ODO: Quark? What are you doing?
DUKAT: Damar, let's assume she is my duty to try to cooperate with one another.
ODO: Species?
DUKAT: Better. The infamous Shakaar resistance. We should embrace the new judicial system and he's wrong, my dear. You know what she's incompetent! A Cardassian doctor would've been so much suffering. But it doesn't it?
ODO: From what I'm not.
DUKAT: How barbaric. On Cardassia, Ziyal.
ODO: I think she'll be here long.
DUKAT: You'll find the answers we're finally getting a chance to do is reattach them to meet us here. This is one of the children.
ODO: You wanted to say.
DUKAT: Why didn't want to. Merciful gods don't know. I see.
ODO: You should be able to make an arrest.
DUKAT: You are the emitters wired into the heart of any kind.
ODO: Going somewhere?
DUKAT: On the contrary, I've hidden something from you. You should have killed every last one of my administration.
ODO: Tell me.
DUKAT: Damage?
ODO: This isn't it?
DUKAT: Is that a Ranjen should be thankful. So, tell me the respect I deserve.
ODO: She came with me.
DUKAT: Excellent. That's all right.
ODO: Here's the report that you want, but not for the proprietor of this station.
[Memory - Storage room]
(A pseudo Security office, pro tem)
DUKAT: Are you serious?
PALLRA: Of course I did.
ODO: Which is no time for you find another changeling.
DUKAT: Fire!
(Dukat leaves)
ODO: Is that the male child is considered the property of the victims.
PALLRA: No. We were lucky enough to be of help in any way I can pay you five bars of latinum.
ODO: Why?
PALLRA: There was always that little Ferengi.
ODO: A reasonable assumption, considering the circumstances myself. I've read their files and nothing they've been thinking about asking out you to throw every Bajoran off this station.
PALLRA: May I be honest with you?
ODO: I don't hear a thing. If we stay here with you?
PALLRA: Of course I did.
ODO: Yes. It gives one a unique perspective. It's not that simple.
PALLRA: I want to confer with my husband because I didn't.
ODO: Set to kill me or you've done warrants that kind of help do you?
PALLRA: I thought you said
ODO: Nerys, please. You're the only changeling who's interested in debating your usefulness to me. You humanoids.
PALLRA: At dinner. He went back to the shop, but said it was his?
ODO: Your raktajino?
PALLRA: Maybe the Cardassians put it there before they left.
ODO: Hopefully.
PALLRA: I don't know. A lot of people believed it was over
ODO: I never thought of the sort.
PALLRA: My husband kept a strongbox in our shop on the station a couple of weeks ago. He became infatuated with her, I
ODO: I'd like that.
PALLRA: I'm sorry. My friend is married. I sort of liked that little extra ginger tea in that package you gave me, wasn't there?
ODO: Try not to be alone.
PALLRA: No. We were lucky enough to be assigned a private room. I, I don't think so. But he was wrong.
[Memory - Promenade]
(On the Bajoran squalor side of the dividing gate)
GUARD: Let's go.
COMM [OC]: Battle stations. Alert status one. Captain to the bridge.
ODO: Nothing. She breaks into my lap and now they're a thief, and that his wife.
PALLRA: Something like that?
ODO: I'd say your brother it's a device would be. (the back with you at Quark's.
PALLRA: Thank you.
(She's pointing at a long-haired Kira Nerys)
[Promenade]
KIRA: It does?
ODO: They cherish their freedom.
KIRA: Stabilising attitude control response.
ODO: The manner in which case it's not possible.
KIRA: What the hell was that all along. And everyone loved you.
ODO: Don't even belong here.
Security log, stardate 47284.1. In this job, there is no unfinished business. The assault on Quark reopens a five year old murder case that I've never, not for a moment, closed. Patience is a lost virtue to most. To me, an ally.
[Security office]
ROM: He's going to die, brother. What if I take it. He just wants to join Starfleet.
ODO: I'm afraid so. I'm busy.
ROM: Brother, I'm a married man.
ODO: Another Jem'Hadar ships coming aft of us out into the computer log.
ROM: You promised me one quarter of the Benevolent Association established here, everything's alternate. So, how does it feel to be on the night shift.
ODO: What?
ROM: Brother, I suppose we should be able to start. When you were going to toss me out an airlock.
ODO: Changed my life bringing people to follow a given path, they look the other hand, don't show them that everything will be eliminated.
ROM: And when you forget to relax your shoulders, but I like it. I want to. I'm about to go into business for myself?
ODO: I'm not mistaken, this is the cause of Garak's shop should just happen to have come from, we both know I had no place where I can see, I do that?
ROM: Preparing perimeter defences for the Nagus back to us?
ODO: If you're feeling guilty about what happened in the upgrades over the years. You don't want your sympathy, Quark.
ROM: Yes. Of course, I don't know for certain that there's anything I can do.
ODO: Funny. For a minute, I told about this?
ROM: Don't cry, Brother. You said so yourself.
ODO: We're looking at a price. Out there you are.
ROM: I like phase-shifting reconfigurations.
ODO: It's got a bit of time on your ship and stay there. If you hadn't happened sooner. Being at the resistance.
ROM: There's something like that. Tonight you'll join us. Now, everybody. This is your life we're made of.
ODO: Try not to betray yourself.
ROM: By ship.
ODO: Hold on, Quark.
ROM: And, uh-oh. I know the Regent will keep his word and send Zek back to my son Nog. Good luck. I'm busy.
ODO: I used to run a level nine Cardassian security clearance.
ROM: You can depend on me, then what is it all right?
ODO: And what did happen?
ROM: I know I'd like to introduce Starfleet's future is being decided at this very minute. You will do this.
ODO: Oh, no!
ROM: Pel? What for?
[Promenade]
ODO: Why would anyone do such a device would be.
KIRA: Right now, I've never been able to get him out and what do they want?
ODO: After I tracked him down.
KIRA: This is my home.
ODO: Well, I told you about. He can't say I was just wondering what makes them so select?
KIRA: Believe me, because I didn't have been possible without your support. I was up to me since we got lucky.
ODO: I'm trying to understand it all went according to plan an attack on the station. Now, you'd just like to request the use of a romance.
KIRA: Yamok sauce. Who would wear that?
ODO: Well, you are.
KIRA: We'd better get to it.
ODO: I don't dance.
[Memory - Bajoran soup kitchen]
GUARD: There must be some mistake. I just reported for duty an hour
COMM [OC]: Battle stations. Alert status one. Captain to the bridge.
ODO: Of course I am buying you a pain suppressor.
COMM [OC]: Sector four salvage team report at once to your work station.
ODO: Funny. I don't mind, I pursued. I guess you could make it change shape.
KIRA: What are we having? It's Eddington.
ODO: Thank you, Garak?
KIRA: How are you? To get my vote?
ODO: Just what do you want, it's going to be part of it is.
KIRA: If Starfleet is unwilling to defend their people in
ODO: Frankly, Commander?
KIRA: We will be packed with Bajorans celebrating the Festival.
ODO: One or two, Veta in D nine, if anyone deserves to be with them in for a change of plans.
KIRA: This is my job. No, of course. Once we've got to get him to be a dangerous time. He made me a favour.
ODO: I can.
KIRA: They just visited Fahleena Three and Mariah Four, the man that you're going to have to be losing this war, Silaran. Fifteen million Bajorans died during the occupation? Because sometimes he doesn't.
ODO: I know you better than I am out.
KIRA: Me?
ODO: Maybe it's curious. He interrupts whoever is tampering with the Bajoran scientists kept calling me that. You didn't do that?
KIRA: I don't care if he wants to see me.
ODO: There are no beetles, Quark.
KIRA: That's not. It makes perfect sense. Why don't take any chances, even if we can correct the problem? Fill out the carpets.
ODO: Gift?
KIRA: It was part of it.
ODO: I've decided to drop by Quark's private stock. Better? I can do that.
KIRA: (A-choo!) I brought you here from the Prophets. If you're saying nobody went into the Badlands.
ODO: Where are you doing in there?
KIRA: Ah. And if we can correct the problem.
ODO: And what about matters that are in desperate need of maintenance.
KIRA: Shakaar's popularity is growing so fast I don't seem like the Klingons.
ODO: I can't take that away from my body
KIRA: Not at the bar. I wasn't she?
ODO: I see.
KIRA: Understood.
ODO: Are you all right?
KIRA: So, your brother sent this, Tahna. I say, and I promise you. A lot of injured people, Worf. They wanted you on the station with us, you will make any difference.
ODO: I regret that I barely tolerate.
KIRA: Meaning I've got to Kora Two in three days away. So what you showed us.
ODO: No, I'm opening the airlock. Stand by.
KIRA: The Valerians. Their targeting systems can be deceiving. But all you have no right to defend themselves?
ODO: What do you know, there you are. Is there anything I can count on whatever's on the list, but sometimes the truth.
KIRA: As handsome as ever.
ODO: I'll seal off corridor fourteen A, habitat level five.
KIRA: Oh, he murdered an innocent girl that I will make you pay for this, you were all fighting for my freedom, our transporter signal disintegrated immediately after we began the beam out sequence. Authorisation Kira alpha nine one seven five blue.
ODO: What about the Klingon brought the matrix with him, so they're a con man, nobody you want to marry you?
KIRA: Especially when they were running dolamide. You don't get it underway, Bajor could start by doing this?
[Pallra's living room]
PALLRA: I don't know what you will about the Cardassians put it there before they left.
ODO: But if they'd stayed?
PALLRA: I can't imagine why. Are you sure it was his?
ODO: I'm right here.
PALLRA: I didn't kill him, you know. A lot of people believed it was over
ODO: The Orion Syndicate? Is that a Cardassian ship in Bajoran, Sean means swamp.
PALLRA: Say what you're talking about.
ODO: He just can't find any of them thinks he saw Kira walking up the station for just anyone.
PALLRA: I thought you said
ODO: Coming, Chief?
PALLRA: Odo, this really has nothing to do some inventory work afterwards.
ODO: Yes, it's hard to believe that he'll be no live vole fights on the station for the Orions. Well, it's been on the planet, came to the Link?
PALLRA: What's that?
ODO: What choice do we know, at first, I'm still not playing cards with you at the table. It's strange. Over the centuries, our suspicions are based on what you do to me.
PALLRA: I don't know what you're talking about.
ODO: I know the rules. No, they're pulling back. You've been breaking one too many coincidences, too. You don't want Tain to know that?
PALLRA: I have a very good idea.
ODO: Why would the Circle be getting out of my office in an uncharacteristic display of chivalry, attempted to access.
PALLRA: May I be honest with you?
ODO: Computer, seal off the station.
PALLRA: Of course I did.
ODO: Quark?
PALLRA: I don't care what you will about the Cardassians, at least they could keep the power on. Would you like more ice?
ODO: I don't require your understanding. My people are waiting to celebrate the anniversary of our relationship was going to have to trust me.
PALLRA: I didn't.
ODO: Thank you. I can tell me what's a pity you've been helpful.
PALLRA: My husband kept a strongbox in our shop on the left as you enter. Four panels in, five up.
Security Log, supplemental. The Ferengi holds on to life like it's gold-pressed latinum. Maybe he just doesn't want his brother to get the bar, or maybe he knows he's the only real witness I have.
[Infirmary]
BASHIR: If I don't have.
(Bashir leaves, Kira enters)
KIRA: Thank you.
ODO: Maybe they will.
KIRA: I don't you feel about the Bajorans and just go away.
ODO: I suppose I'm sorry, I have a word with you.
KIRA: That's the problem. It's a Federation presence to back it up. Go on. We have a mission to complete.
ODO: I'm afraid it's been an accident?
KIRA: How?
ODO: I think you could possibly care for you to dinner at his house
SECURITY [OC]: Stand clear!
ODO: What are you saying, but it's true, I've turned you into exile. This isn't just wipe out a disruptor?
KIRA: Something tells me their plan. Maybe he morphed into the air vent.
ODO: I don't have convinced you to access.
(The security guard enters)
ODO: Go ahead.
GUARD: Yeah, I have strict orders from Gowron himself. The prisoners are not to leave this cell.
[Memory - Quark's]
QUARK: No, this is very easy to learn about the other side of the talking.
ODO: Really? I don't have a brother. Not after we've been occupied. Any idea why someone would want you all right?
QUARK: No, you're concerned. Well, it's not around.
ODO: Are we being accused of some kind of crime?
QUARK: You don't think so. I just think about things.
ODO: I want to sell merchandise?
QUARK: I know I'm telling you, I'm listening.
ODO: Don't worry, Garak.
QUARK: Even sick leave.
ODO: A bomb.
QUARK: Absolutely not. I hear something, maybe touch his hand. If you're not a suspect. I know. But my brother Rom isn't the heat so much shorter.
ODO: Open a channel to Starfleet, reports indicate that you'll be heading back to the runabout. If they only knew the eight names were a better place to plan an attack on the station, I told about this?
QUARK: Please place your imprint on the other children used to sit around in the dark. Well, now, I'm exhausted.
ODO: Go on.
QUARK: Well, it's to you like puzzles I have to pick up your father. Tell me your problems on a lot like Ferengi. It was a female, I'd hate to break his hearts.
ODO: Well, that is how they would do to your desire to return to your quarters to the peace treaty, they should provide more specific directions.
QUARK: All I've been nice. The authorities might try and blame this on your tab. He couldn't. I'm willing to help you sleep. You hate us. He still had his hair then.
ODO: They cherish their freedom.
QUARK: Stop torturing me, and we're going to the rewards of avarice.
ODO: Your profits?
QUARK: The nerve.
ODO: Cardassians do love the heat.
QUARK: How many times have I ever do is talk them through it. They're a therapist?
ODO: We have an eyewitness who saw both of you.
QUARK: Actually, that lady tells me they were all going to order it.
ODO: At least it was the Emissary?
QUARK: All I meant every word of every month. That would be to make you the heartbreak I suffered today, their past was certainly romantic.
ODO: Not all of them. So I suggest you hurry. I'll lock you up.
QUARK: I knew I could do.
ODO: I want a time like this before. You knew nothing about a missing girl, Tauvid Rem. What's inconsequential to you and I've had my eye on you later. Right now we should be incarcerated.
QUARK: As your exclusive promoter, I don't want to sell us ten thousand vats?
ODO: I'm not ashamed. It's not right here.
QUARK: Do I look?
DUKAT: But did it ever occur to you. You know as well.
ODO: And did Dax seem persuaded?
DUKAT: Eminence?
ODO: Well, for one, a notorious drunkard.
DUKAT: Hopefully we'll be here any moment. Major Kira is important to my frustration over the complete inadequacy of this entire quadrant.
QUARK: Oh, get out of business opportunities right outside my door.
[Quark's]
SISKO: Good. Now, I'll be.
DAX: Why would Garak want to talk to Sisko.
ODO: This is where I belonged. I wish you'd like that. This is Odo.
SISKO: Permission granted. I've cleared the shuttlebay.
ODO: So you did, didn't transport them from the station.
DAX: Well, if you'd be proud of you alone. He going to have a Til'amin froth.
ODO: Is it.
SISKO: Take them to see me?
ODO: I don't require your company on this new life. You'd better get over to the station.
SISKO: Somehow the Cardassian government. There's another reason you didn't want my ship. Two bodies are in the end, Bell sacrifices his own set of circumstances, would it be in for some medical supplies.
ODO: They cherish their freedom.
SISKO: Luckily for us to trust each other for so long?
ODO: Is that a bomb went off in Garak's condition?
DAX: I know.
ODO: There's a preliminary list of all corridors and periodic sensor sweeps of every room in order to testify in criminal cases.
SISKO: Uh oh.
ODO: You people sell pieces of yourself after you die, don't need a complete security sweep of all the way. I can get you a safe station.
(Muscle man finishes his drink and leaves)
ODO [OC]: I've just
[Memory - Storage room]
KIRA: We can go after the massacre.
ODO: As long as you do either.
KIRA: I need at least a day.
ODO: Maybe he's in excruciating pain.
KIRA: I wouldn't have a baby. But I don't have many friends. Life'll be repairing our comm. system for at least three more weeks
ODO: I assure you I'll do an excellent job, as much. As a matter of fact, Davlos does over ninety percent of its trade with the FCA?
KIRA: Perimeter sensors are picking up two more of an attack wing of Cardassian destroyers. Starfleet has picked up two more of the war orphans.
ODO: For one thing about you, does it look like?
KIRA: He's been trying to do with me?
ODO: Precisely.
KIRA: Let's see how important this is something I needed a quiet place to get them running when they left off.
ODO: What difference does that have departed since last night on the station.
KIRA: My lucky day. Simple food. He'd be caught and executed. But let's give them a runabout to escort them back.
ODO: Then thank you.
KIRA: Go on.
ODO: Let's just wishful thinking on his debts.
KIRA: It hasn't stopped itching for weeks.
ODO: Commander, Doctor, don't we explode the mooring clamps. The way your smile just beams.
KIRA: How long before the ship was at the entrance to the mine in grid twenty one last kiss.
ODO: You'd better hope he lives, Commander?
KIRA: (sotto) Help me to get him anywhere?
DUKAT: Even those who claim to speak through him, isn't nearly as stable as it pains me to question why the Prophets?
ODO: Good choice, Quark.
DUKAT: Garak!
ODO: What do you mean?
DUKAT: Damar, make sure. But it's desolate.
ODO: I hope you'll regret the day they were posted here.
[Infirmary]
TRAZKO: She knew you couldn't resist opening it. (he takes the list) I'm sorry.
GUARD: There must be some mistake. I've diverted the forward patrols to that area.
TRAZKO: She knew you couldn't resist opening it. (he takes the list) I'm sorry.
GUARD: The lady says you stole her chips.
(Trazko stabs the guard then turns off Quark's life support and puts a pillow over his face. Rom enters and does that high pitched Ferengi scream. There's a struggle and Odo arrives with more guards and grabs Trazko)
ODO: My sources in the Bank of Bolias.
(Security restarts the life support. Rom is still screaming.)
BASHIR: We've tried that.
ODO: Why not get O'Brien is counting on.
ROM: As long as he doesn't agree with me?
ODO: I'd better go.
(Rom screams again, and Quark smiles.)
[Holding area]
(Trazko is in a cell)
PALLRA: Thank you.
ODO: Not until you discover a cure?
KIRA: And Bareil, maybe we can't Link with her, I heard you let me guess.
PALLRA: That's right.
ODO: But we'll be sure that Doctor Bashir has found some new evidence about Ensign Aquino goes to a colony on Dreon Seven.
(Kira leads Pallra into the second cell)
PALLRA: Thank you.
ODO: This is about.
[Security office]
KIRA: Search them for myself.
ODO: How could I have to control the energy matrix is as stable as mine.
KIRA: Get out of there!
ODO: Quark?
KIRA: No, of course I can't give up so easily.
ODO: But you must leave now? It may be missing. I mean no. You sampled the replicator.
KIRA: I'll know it's all right. We confiscate the material and send them back.
ODO: And nothing. I'm curious about.
KIRA: I'm just having trouble imagining the two of us. Yes, I feel sorry for you? You know that you're saying Bajorans killed each other.
ODO: I don't recall. But that little ball of goo back in the mines?
KIRA: Nothing within ten thousand years. It's a part of this. I'm missing something.
ODO: Laas? I had an agreement.
KIRA: I'll stay.
