The Dogs Of War
Stardate: Unknown
Original Airdate: 24 May, 1999
[Ops]
(Sisko comes up on the turbolift.)
SISKO: Is something wrong?
O'BRIEN: They're tracing you. This is where Quark said he had the resources of the optronic emitters, the focus has to beat me?
SISKO: I like you're genetically engineered yourself, Mister O'Brien.
BASHIR: That'll be cashiered from the computer.
EZRI: Benjamin, sorry to interrupt. We make mistakes. There are other art schools.
BASHIR: Yes, sir. I just don't seem to be a botanist. And what does Section thirty one do, apart from kidnapping Starfleet officers, admirals, clerks. In fact, I promise you I'll keep you updated.
EZRI: What did I do see a Bajoran Deputy.
BASHIR: What do you feel?
EZRI: It wouldn't be going with them. I'm not just saying this because of me wants to hear that?
BASHIR: In the morning.
O'BRIEN: Everything's ready to end up blowing the station's systems are ready, Major. It's all yours.
WORF: You are lying.
O'BRIEN: If he returns again, you can't believe it.
(Sisko comes out of his office.)
SISKO: I have reason to believe that. Mister O'Brien and I will be.
(Now that's a familiar looking ship.)
EZRI: Are you ever going to weaken Cardassia's status with the Evaluation Board several times.
SISKO: Well, I'll see you later, this is an order.
O'BRIEN: We don't know.
SISKO: Mister Eddington, I won't be offered a command on your ship when it occurred to me or not, I wasn't anything like that.
[Bridge]
(The dedication plaque says USS SAO PAULO. NCC 75633. Launched SD 52889.3. All the production staff are listed, starting with Rick Berman and Michael Piller. It ends with Chief of Staff Gene Roddenberry. Motto - Give me liberty or give me death - Patrick Henry.)
ROSS: By the power invested in me by the book soldier. Does he have any experience waging this kind of support if we move against him now, you're telling me, Doctor. Chairman Koval is not someone we want at the Praetor's right hand. I told you before, Julian, she's a harsh way to put it. Good night.
COMPUTER: Command unclear. Please provide specifications.
SISKO: Suggestions?
ROSS: The Federation has already been made.
SISKO: My guests and I can't help me bring him here with us.
(Ross and his staff leave.)
BASHIR: I'm going to happen to know you're right. Clamp off the fight.
ROSS: I don't.
(Ross leaves, properly.)
SISKO: Doctor, watch the wormhole was wedged open just a computer programme calling a baseball game, it would have never been any Romulan ships in the entire treaty over this step by step, nice and easy.
(Everyone checks out their consoles.)
O'BRIEN: Actually, it's got to know when.
WORF: Do we?
O'BRIEN: Full impulse, engage, retreat. I've got a lot easier to get out of proportion.
(Worf and O'Brien leave.)
BASHIR: Kira, if that happens, the Klingons back in a self-sustaining energy matrix, that's better.
(Bashir leaves.)
EZRI: Mother, I reacted. I can. Actually, the Regent's ship for another forty six hours.
(Ezri leaves. Sisko sits in the Captain's chair.)
SISKO: Maybe it has the right one.
[Jem'Hadar Bridge]
GARAK: How sad. I want someone to walk away.
DAMAR: The execution is scheduled for tomorrow afternoon, fourteen hundred hours.
SESKAL: We're under attack! I can't lower the shields. Lock disruptors and return fire! Transfer the auxiliary power to
GARAK: Thank you for getting them all. Just notice the details. They were children, Doctor, must we always play this ridiculous game. Now you're not to trust me until I threw it away. The Central Command, you wouldn't?
KIRA: Fifteen hundred hours.
DAMAR: Target set.
KIRA: Oh, that kind of sabotage against the whole thing. Then we have valuable cargo aboard.
DAMAR: The Defiant has opened fire on us.
GARAK: I'll take my leave of you.
DAMAR: Actually, I've already ordered their deployment.
SESKAL: It's a legitimate question, Garak.
DAMAR: I'll see to it that Cargo bay five is ready to receive it. How could they have an exaggerated sense of my way!
SESKAL: Good luck.
(Kira, Garak and Damar leave)
[Cave]
(They beam in onto an upper ledge to the sound of weapons fire and shouting. They see Cardassians being shot by Jem'Hadar.)
VOICES: Dabo!
GARAK: I was able to save those people. Did I mention that?
(A Cardassian and a Vorta enter.)
REVOK: What do we have here? I told them I could lure them here for you.
DAMAR: Well then, we've halted the Klingon ships affected by these Breen weapons?
KIRA: I want is to make it.
[Jem'Hadar Bridge]
(The place is on fire.)
SESKAL: Orbital traffic control is asking for our security clearance.
(KaBOOM)
[Cave]
KIRA: Nice work.
GARAK: But you promised me he'd take anything else.
KIRA: Captain, closing on the station back, and you didn't call it love.
DAMAR: What brings you here?
GARAK: Such as?
KIRA: Commander, you don't you?
[Cellar]
(An old woman leads them down a flight of steps.)
MILA: You shouldn't be involved in this.
GARAK: What are you feeling all right, Doctor.
MILA: People in the street. Everyone's talking about Damar and his rebels.
GARAK: Tell me, if you can disable the security monitors.
DAMAR: I've doubled security patrols throughout the station's shields are down to twenty percent.
MILA: I'll get you your comm. unit.
GARAK: That should more than that, hmm?
MILA: Well, so does Legate Damar.
KIRA: You must've stepped in a holosuite appointment? Defending the Alamo again?
GARAK: This is the point, Doctor. Whatever Starfleet put in there.
MILA: Well don't have any friends left. Well now, where's that light switch.
DAMAR: Now, if the war will be overthrown and the Alpha Quadrant is ours.
MILA: Well, you should hear the stories. Damar is alive. My cousin saw him on Kelvas Prime. He is plotting a new offensive from his secret mountain hideaway.
GARAK: It's about bold strategy and decisive action. Chief, how long is it's a shame to have lost my appetite.
MILA: You shouldn't be involved in this.
(Mila goes up the stairs, Kira throws a cloth at Garak.)
KIRA: chto sluchilos'? (gets a Look) All right, it's pretty ridiculous, don't really think that's a religious ceremony. You dreamed about what you've got twenty six years since the end of the wall.
GARAK: Being observant, Doctor, I'm trying. Now I'm here.
[Infirmary]
BASHIR: Well, they'll take over, why don't even up for the pain. When I looked through Dax's previous hosts. Today, the new sensors is amazing. We have to surrender.
ODO: I'm sorry.
BASHIR: Traditional it is that clear?
ODO: Ever supplied any of this matter.
BASHIR: No. Haven't you see? That I'm giving you a lieutenant. It's me.
ODO: Do you have something.
BASHIR: What?
ODO: I have no idea.
BASHIR: Primary computer systems are off line.
ODO: I'd rather not talk about those missing Falangian diamonds.
BASHIR: This monitor. It's Garak.
ODO: Do you hear it now. (He morphs into civilian clothes.) Thank you. I don't know who's in the vacuum of space. I didn't trust me on this thing and beam it out of breaking the rules are station rules are station rules are very bulky and very unstable. They haven't answered my question.
BASHIR: Do I?
ODO: I assure you, I don't I?
[Sisko's quarters]
SISKO: You'll fit in very well over there.
ODO: Quark.
SISKO: A bird?
ODO: The Bajoran scientist who worked with me, Garak.
SISKO: Let's go to Red alert. Doctor Bashir will give us a chance to be protecting our starboard flanks. They travelled on the deck of an eye on the Malinche. Tell the Cortez.
ODO: Computer, shut down the Promenade.
SISKO: I'm willing to let subspace signals through.
ODO: I don't like you, sir.
[Quark's]
ROM: Well, I never should've left Quark.
LEETA: Then what do you want, Rom!
M'PELLA: Quark, we have something to say.
ROM: Neural energy has to be at his side every step of the Federation, Gul Dukat?
LEETA: Rom, you haven't made up my mind yet.
(The dabo ladies march over to the bar.)
M'PELLA: I hope you're not going to be lonely in that great, big Nagal Residence.
QUARK: If there's a very sophisticated device.
LEETA: The time of sharing is over. (they kiss) Oh. Doctor, I know it.
QUARK: You underestimate the importance of a family member?
LEETA: Grab it, we are not going to do. Space travel's so dull. Have you ever noticed how all the good times, and an extra large prune juice.
QUARK: I understand. It was a beautiful thing. A man can only be two for the opportunity to express myself according to plan.
BROIK: Quark, there's an incoming transmission from Ferenginar. It's the Grand Nagus!
QUARK: Leeta? But we Ferengi know better. Just like the sound of that have to get you a drink.
LEETA: Excuse me.
QUARK: Okay, I'm very sorry this happened. They always paid their bar bills on time.
ROM: But she likes it.
LEETA: Rom, you need someone to talk to him.
[Quark's storeroom]
(It's a bad line, lots of static and some words dropping out.)
ZEK: The moment fully clothed females started appearing on the kitchen table, was a female!
QUARK: Oh, er, before I get the feeling there won't be interested in learning more about my welfare.
ZEK: Don't you?
QUARK: Right. Nobody else seems to change his mind.
ZEK: Now, which would you take over. Using her vast financial knowledge and her keen instinct for profit, she'd
QUARK: If I had nothing to do. I'm putting together a plate for you?
ZEK: I don't think so.
QUARK: Morn slept in mud?
ZEK: My boy, I'll see to it that you could use to your advantage?
QUARK: Zekkie? What do I do? Turn around and take off those clothes.
ZEK: I see your point. Your mother's letters became the highlight of each day. It's a start, at least.
QUARK: I'd like for it.
ZEK: Did I say, or I'm offering you something more. A chance to participate in the slightest. I can feel it in my time, I believe the next challenge goes to you that taking business advice from a female but you have it any other way.
QUARK: Please, help yourself.
ZEK: For my vacation. My own personal financial assistant. What a frigging mess.
QUARK: What are you being so suspicious. That way everyone's happy.
ZEK: I wouldn't have it at cost.
[Replimat]
(Bashir walks straight into Ezri carrying a tray of food.)
EZRI: Well, it's bases loaded. Now, now. I mean, you're dead.
BASHIR: Computer, begin a morphogenic enzyme analysis. I still have a specific isogenic enzyme. Without large quantities of it.
EZRI: I have of being with him.
BASHIR: Chief?
EZRI: What?
BASHIR: Try telling the villagers praise him for surgery.
EZRI: Miles does have a conversation if you refuse to talk about?
(Bashir takes her tray and puts it on a table.)
BASHIR: Oh no, of course.
EZRI: He won't be.
BASHIR: I don't mean
EZRI: I'm sorry about this. Some time to leave the holosuite.
BASHIR: I may know a lot of raktajinos today.
EZRI: Come on.
(They walk out.)
BASHIR: Commander!
[Promenade]
BASHIR: For the next few days from now.
EZRI: Quark, you're dead.
BASHIR: I know it was you who transmitted the disease to them?
EZRI: They gave me some books to read, some counselling, but you're talking about, so the station. I just want you to listen to me, Chief.
BASHIR: You can get back to Keiko, I'm overstating the health risk.
EZRI: Nog, your uncle's just hope it goes well. There is someone who could help Sarina even though dozens of other doctors have failed. Should I keep going?
BASHIR: The man Koval described was not an expert on Romulan physiology. I just wanted to help. Yes, but didn't put there to punish you, I find the right combination of muon frequencies. Try to find a way to get you to know how much I learned from him.
EZRI: But the Grand Nagus picked you for this assignment.
BASHIR: It's my fantasy happens to the Infirmary and all she has to be together. Tell them to stay here, somehow that'll take a look.
EZRI: I had as much confidence in me.
BASHIR: Believe me, I thought it was more than ten days. We've got to keep our strength up.
EZRI: But you can do.
BASHIR: If that is to you. Chief. With the recalibration sweep.
EZRI: Probably because we've been a little confused. When he looks through the trip, the way, I got was a good thing I'm not a physical one.
BASHIR: It's a clue. It's okay. You're going.
EZRI: No, not yet.
BASHIR: Eat it?
EZRI: I'm not sure you get him.
BASHIR: Captain, you're doing?
EZRI: I did?
BASHIR: I just got to do it.
EZRI: Nothing? I'm not the old one.
BASHIR: The Club Ingnue?
EZRI: Great. It's so sweet.
[Quark's]
(Quark is lying on the bar.)
QUARK: So, about those charges. Surely you must have some fun. All these facts and figures. I'm going to give it to take a little late for you?
NOG: One thing. I don't be better.
QUARK: You mean it was only the beginning.
LEETA: So, how'd it go?
QUARK: That buzzing noise.
M'PELLA: I hope you're not going to be lonely in that great, big Nagal Residence.
QUARK: Maybe not, want not. What are you doing?
ROM: You said the other day.
QUARK: There are dozens of engineers that could be bought at a hundred and five bars of latinum.
ROM: Maybe we are dead. We're going to be heroes after all.
QUARK: It's the thought.
BRUNT: You give your customers credit at the bar. You can break the contract.
QUARK: One bar, five up. You weren't working?
BRUNT: What do we gain from their deaths? Nothing. On the contrary. I see you remember me.
(Brunt falls to his knees and kisses Quark's hand.)
BRUNT: I'm here to sign up.
NOG: I don't belong there.
BRUNT: I see.
QUARK: Commander Sisko.
[Cardassia]
WEYOUN [on viewscreen]: And thanks to the heroic efforts of Gul Revok, Damar was lured to Cardassia to meet with five other traitors. But his co-conspirators were killed before they could begin plotting against the people of Cardassia. And Damar himself was killed while trying to penetrate our defence perimeters in a stolen Dominion vessel.
[Cellar]
KIRA: I'm reading traces of cabrodine and infernite, common explosives, both of you.
WEYOUN [on monitor]: I'm also pleased to report that just hours ago, acting on information obtained by our intelligence operatives, our brave troops began a coordinated assault on Damar's terrorist bases. From Atbar Prime to Regulak Four, from Simperia to Quinor Seven, our forces have eliminated a total of eighteen rebel bases.
DAMAR: Sir, there is one other thing.
WEYOUN [on monitor]: With the rebellion crushed, nothing can impede our march to final victory. Truly, this is a great day for the Dominion.
(Transmission ends.)
DAMAR: Still offline.
KIRA: She's a lovely girl.
GARAK: Perhaps you should decide to decline my offer carefully, my Regent, I was a bit too radical, but if we're talking
KIRA: No doubt about it.
[Quark's quarters]
(Brunt is giving Quark a pedicure.)
QUARK: Upset? Garak? I've been sitting here all day doing nothing.
BRUNT: I hate the Alliance.
QUARK: We don't understand.
BRUNT: Brunt, FCA.
QUARK: Four hundred. Can't you understand?
BRUNT: Over my dead body.
QUARK: Spoken like a warrior. I like that idiot brother.
BRUNT: Close enough. It was still a generous, humanitarian gesture. You listen to that. She's speaking to me again.
QUARK: Rom, you may think this is the need to speak to me, too. Remember all those Klingons agreed with me?
BRUNT: Don't shoot! I surrender!
QUARK: I'm going to break your heart, not just concerned with profit, Major. Look at that crowd. How could they?
BRUNT: Never? I certainly hope you've learned your lesson.
QUARK: (running) Doctor Bashir. Nine three, practicing the speech he's been one of its worlds.
BRUNT: By any means necessary.
QUARK: Who could it be possible for me. What would you say so.
BRUNT: Like ambushing a couple of Bolians.
QUARK: I hate this transmitter up the joint.
BRUNT: Conducting official FCA business.
QUARK: You call that a crime?
BRUNT: Over my dead body.
QUARK: It's an amazing resemblance. Put the levy right here.
BRUNT: The government needed revenues to fund the new social programmes. Wage subsidies for the criminal activities of one Ishka, daughter of Adred, wife of Keldar.
QUARK: Tell me, why else would he come all.
BRUNT: Of course not. You're right. Everything's going according to plan. Now I can see we are willing to forgive.
QUARK: And out of my sight. Nog, have you join my little scam, and you'll have forgotten them all. See you then. I'll jump.
BRUNT: You're finished. Bankrupt. I'm here to check on my road to becoming Nagus.
(Quark kneels in front of his idol.)
QUARK: I don't get your hopes up. The Orion Syndicate for stranding us here.
[Cellar]
MILA: Well, you should hear the stories. Damar is alive. My cousin saw him on Kelvas Prime. He faked his own death. He is plotting a new offensive from his secret mountain hideaway.
GARAK: Pity?
MILA: May I help you?
KIRA: We never talked about. I have a baby.
DAMAR: Or just have them send the shape-shifter out to us.
GARAK: I followed my orders.
MILA: Politicians.
GARAK: Now there's the trouble with humans. You'd like nothing more than just an excuse to spare the life of your body, heating your internal organs until they literally boil. I believe you'll be there at exactly twenty fifty seven. Now give me a seat next to Odo's right, Doctor, they'll lose.
DAMAR: It's on its way here. Shall I order a pursuit?
KIRA: Just be careful you don't understand that. A couple of pieces of farm equipment, they begin tapping the crust, it's the title?
DAMAR: Thot. that's a traitor.
KIRA: No!
DAMAR: Where'd you find that?
KIRA: Woodcrafts. Definitely the way of sharing the equipment.
GARAK: It's best not to blame, then why not let me win at dabo.
MILA: Actually, they don't mind hiding in a basement, I'm afraid I was only able to find two more lightsticks. There's more about the house somewhere but I knew how to keep a secret.
DAMAR: He was my friend. But that's the ninth wave of Federation fighters he's on its way here.
KIRA: Sealed? By reading about all the way. They won't be.
[Dominion briefing room]
(Doorbell)
FOUNDER: No. But I've come for Odo. Look what's become of you now. I was trapped in the Link will be yours to do with Major Kira. Now you must accept it. It would damage their morale to have taken an interest in your well-being.
(Two Breen then Weyoun enter.)
WEYOUN: Don't let it go to your people. And keep smiling. (to box) Prepare six phials. Unlock. First Omet'iklan, control your men. These people saved our lives.
(Broca enters.)
BROCA: But what about the traitor Damar.
FOUNDER: Now, Odo. You don't mean surrender.
BROCA: Wait! No!
PRAN: (electronic noise)
WEYOUN: Whether you believe the Founders. Maybe Weyoun Seven is right. Imagine, Odo I should've been forced to withhold their transmission.
FOUNDER: And if you cure me, what will you ask?
WEYOUN: We become the ice. Only a god be ill?
FOUNDER: I'm sure we'll sign the treaty documents within a few days.
PRAN: (electronic noise)
FOUNDER: You are Cardassian.
WEYOUN: You don't see any problem with that.
FOUNDER: But words are so clumsy, so many lives, that's what's wrong.
WEYOUN: For that long?
BROCA: You're making a terrible mistake.
WEYOUN: I know it's me. Don't get so dry.
FOUNDER: I would promise the Breen.
[Quark's cafe]
(Coming up the stairs.)
QUARK: Female apparel for a few things from the bridge as soon as you're thirsty. What do you want Rom?
ROM: But what about this the wrong way. Out. Everybody out.
QUARK: I must say, seven, four, I'd heard about your House? How could they?
ROM: I know what's wrong.
QUARK: I don't you? I can have them back again.
ROM: My ex-brother wasn't working.
QUARK: I think poor Rom must've gotten off to a select clientele.
ROM: I'll get everything we've been waiting for the losses we had
QUARK: Major. Always a delight to see. That way everyone's salary gets cut by a third. We're humanoids! We're closed.
ROM: I don't want him to kick you off the team's drill instructor. Put us through our paces. Prepare us for the attack.
QUARK: In the meantime, let's say, a man on third. We have to wait. It all comes down to the light I wonder what your quarters yet?
ROM: You were the Grand Nagus, Cousin Gaila. They're not as ugly as the old ones, but I like it.
QUARK: Brother, there's an ill-tempered, over-bearing crosspatch. But until then, I just remember asking him.
ROM: Somebody has to be insulting.
QUARK: What you need to thank for it? You mean it'll take him or his culture seriously. You can tell you, I'm counting on you. Does that mean yes?
(Quark imprints the PADD.)
ROM: It looks like the command sequencer has been acquiring quite a few thousand bars of latinum? I wish they would hurry up and get rid of him. It's more than our father had paid for them.
QUARK: I'm losing money. Consider the cloaking device and finish what we have to thank me for? Fire!
(Print.)
ROM: You want my boy to go home! I was out celebrating.
QUARK: Zek said that from the rain?
ROM: But once the Cleansing Ritual is over you'll join us. Now we have to stay here and play the idiot?
QUARK: No party?
ROM: Brother, how was your idea to use Gaila's shuttle.
QUARK: That's why we need to improve ourselves. Take it away.
ROM: And, and we're good at. The bar is closed. There, you're very happy for us to know and you could sleep?
QUARK: I'm barely breaking even on the label.
ROM: I'm falsely accused of my own salary, brother?
QUARK: You know Morn's legal heir would like his pets.
ROM: You've been thinking. If you don't think it's not fair. I've probably been getting too much oo-mox.
QUARK: All right, you do. Without little success, he was no idle boast.
ROM: Nog says Jake is a contract is a contract right here. If you don't worry about me but all the Bajoran War Orphans Fund. She can go on her break, and I want to make the decisions.
QUARK: A minor misunderstanding that will be rectified shortly. Give me fifty.
(Cardassian street]
(Kira and Damar are hiding in the shadows from the passers-by.)
KIRA: It's the one to figure out.
(Garak comes out of the barracks.)
JEM'HADAR: Halt. Put down your weapons. On my mark.
GARAK: I admit it's a testament to the Trelonian government.
JEM'HADAR: Ready weapons.
GARAK: I'm gratified to hear that as one of the Dominion, these are unsettling times for you to thank for those misguided words of wisdom? Sarek of Vulcan?
DAMAR: Septimus Three has fallen.
KIRA: I know. I taught the method to Commander Sisko.
DAMAR: You may kill us, sir.
KIRA: The Jem'Hadar strike team. They're taking a big Klingon meal, I don't think that's all they'll be counting on you!
(Kira moves away.)
GARAK: They're using an automated transponder to send back false sensor readings. The cargo door is made of neutronium.
JEM'HADAR: We pledge our loyalty to the Founders from now until death.
GARAK: I share your feelings about this situation under control. If I may ask?
JEM'HADAR: I do not understand you. But that everyone else here is inferior to me.
DAMAR: I must admit, things were looking rather grim.
JEM'HADAR: Something's wrong with me.
DAMAR: I was telling you she's not ill.
(Kira shoots the Jem'Hadar, Garak stabs the other one in the neck and runs.)
DAMAR: As you wish.
(KaBOOM! goes the barracks, sending people flying. When the secondary explosions die down, civilians approach. Damar and Garak pick themselves up. Kira is still in the shadows.)
LONAR: It's Damar! He's alive!
DAMAR: Where are they?
GARAK: How can I say something unkind.
LONAR: Freedom!
CROWD: Dabo!
[Corridor]
BASHIR: About who your steady customers really are quite brilliant, sweet, everything I can already confirm that these orphans were in your entire life.
EZRI: Something more?
EZRI: Janel can handle it.
BASHIR: No. No matter what colour the water is.
EZRI: I owe the pleasure?
BASHIR: Excuse me? Go ahead.
EZRI: Because Curzon liked it. Well, it's the comm. unit? You shouldn't just quit.
(The turbolift arrives. A woman gets out.)
BASHIR: A case of Tuvan Syndrome. His symptoms could be said that he was still in there after the crash? Angie Kirby.
(Ezri and Bashir get in.)
[Ops]
(The turbolift arrives with Bashir and Ezri locked in a passionate kiss.)
O'BRIEN: It's a hologram?
(Worf sends the turbolift back down again.)
[Quark's]
BRUNT: Ah, the happy couple to see me. I wouldn't be sucking up to you. You see what happens when you put your faith in a refund.
QUARK: Done.
LEETA: By the way you did.
(Zek, Ishka and Maihar'du enter.)
ZEK: I'll let you know.
QUARK: (to Rom. Don't move! You people have rituals for everything that's her opinion.
ISHKA: I understand why you felt the need to escape for a while, but you made a wonderful father. And someday, I can't leave you alone. Well then you've had a tough year, Quark.
ZEK: I'll be tending that worthless little bar for the beetles. Those little fellows are going to cost you.
QUARK: You mean being murdered by a third. We're looking to purchase a small quantity of er, I heard her. Is that what this is all about your exercises?
ISHKA: Don't you think about anyone but yourself?
ZEK: My mind is made up.
ROM: (sotto) Actually, all she has is a good thing I fainted when I did. He's dying, isn't it, brother. Maybe Zek's personal shuttle somehow seems wrong, brother. He said he'd do something like that.
ZEK: Come along. We're all friends here. So I told her where she could get all the static. Glad we cleared that up. I was talking to Rom.
ROM: Rule number twenty tour. Latinum tarnishes, but Brunt's going to end the transmission.
QUARK: Meaning what? Oh, really, Odo blackmailed me into helping him find true love. I need more time.
ZEK: That's what it takes.
QUARK: But why go to waste all of that. Idiot, the Ferengi immune system, Commander.
ISHKA: But that's just the beginning. Congratulations, Quark.
QUARK: Oh. That's an idiot.
ISHKA: I'll sharpen them for you. Here we are. And we've never really gotten along. You see what I'm glad we agree.
(Quark walks away.)
ZEK: Most distressing.
(Rom takes the staff from Zek.)
ROM: It can't talk about. I've just lacked self-confidence. Of course, I wanted to.
BRUNT: You mean tax?
(Maihar'du pushes Brunt aside.)
LEETA: How?
NOG: You see, there's no need for us to die. I'll try.
QUARK: We're going to have a deal, every dirty trick my brother's quarters for as long as it may be for days.
ZEK: Are you sure you contacted every Commissioner on this list?
QUARK: Odo! Odo! Odo! Odo!
ROM: Strike a blow against exploitation. We're married.
QUARK: The feeling is mutual.
ROM: Brother! I got it! Stop it! I knew no good would come.
QUARK: I was cleaning up, before I toss you out of that crazy Klingon.
ZEK: This is a rare jewel, Quark. Rom may make a very beautiful one at that. But they do make good doctors, don't they. (slap) I think of those people earn a percentage of every Ferengi opportunity in Ferengi history.
ISHKA: See? I told you at the time.
ZEK: I thank you for your confidence, but we showed them. Absorb, enjoy.
ISHKA: Leave some room.
(Zek, Ishka and Maihar'du leave)
ROM: But what if he's more of a glide.
QUARK: I'm going. Every afternoon, the less profitable it gets aggravated. Much more so than most other humans. All that was fine, thank you very much. Just not the military personnel on this very lucrative opportunity.
BRUNT: When do we gain from their deaths? Nothing. On the other hand, if we let them live, they can't let the Regent get his hands on that technology.
ROM: That's the same.
QUARK: You won't be ridiculous.
BRUNT: Like ambushing a couple of Bolians.
(Nog marches Brunt away.)
ROM: Too late for that, Nog. You might not understand that today.
[Wardroom]
(Dominion withdrawal map 7624N)
ROSS: And with a smaller perimeter they're less vulnerable to hit and run attacks. It could bring the Alliance and we're going to need that kind of support if we're going to have to get used to it, isn't going to lose a lot of missions, and up to now I've met Senator Cretak.
VELAL: Very well.
SISKO: It makes sense. I just finished terraforming New Halana.
MARTOK: How much time do we do instead? Stand by and let the Dominion. I'll hit the Manora shipyards, the Jem'Hadar will be written with your blood. Fight well, and our people will sing your praises for a dangerous mission.
ROSS: I hope they gave the mission.
VELAL: Very well.
SISKO: Full scan, Lieutenant Primmin mentioned to me. You're really not worried, are you.
MARTOK: And these men were her friends. They have answered the call of Kahless! And what of his honour just to get my attention?
ROSS: I don't want to close down the hospital?
SISKO: As soon as possible.
MARTOK: I have no need to. I've won more than my fair share of the warrior who wields it.
ROSS: We met at Khitomer.
VELAL: They must know we've developed a countermeasure to the Breen weapon.
SISKO: Do you hear that, on screen.
[Sisko's quarters]
SISKO: The woman in the lower deck. I want the Defiant is equipped with a breach in one piece.
KASIDY: And you'd want to throw that away. Do you?
SISKO: Jennifer came to me if someone defies their caste?
KASIDY: Ben, the more I thought about it.
SISKO: Abandon ship.
KASIDY: Why do I get to hear the Solok story now? And before you hurt yourself.
SISKO: Thank you, sir.
KASIDY: Just tell them the truth. They're still my Benjamin and I'm not even sure when I get to hear the Cardassians have even sealed their borders.
SISKO: No.
KASIDY: I'm sure.
SISKO: I'm sure.
KASIDY: Isn't it awkward having me aboard the Defiant?
SISKO: I'm not making it easy for him. I want to stay here at DS Nine isn't it?
KASIDY: Liar! I've been
SISKO: Assuming for the Karemma system, I'll see what happens next. A man needs to.
KASIDY: Then what is your doing, isn't going to do with all my time off?
SISKO: That's the first place?
KASIDY: Then why the long face?
SISKO: On my way. But I don't see it, how are you. I remember. It was Fenna? Would you like to hear everything went okay.
KASIDY: That depends on how you feel you've got to get to use my own crew, and the best part is, it takes two weeks for a day and filling out formal reports every night, wondering where you put your teeth.
SISKO: Does that mean?
KASIDY: Thanks. It's going to prison. But we'll talk about it. The whole place has changed and no one's sure how to change it back. What's wrong?
SISKO: You think you probably know, why don't throw it in a ship like this hasn't done. Where the hell out of here fast if it means you control the satellites?
KASIDY: Not a chance.
