Sanctuary
Stardate: 47391.2
Original Airdate: 29 Nov, 1993
[Commander's office]
KIRA: Are those my uniforms?
SISKO: Come in.
KIRA: Maybe I can't prove it. The doctor's giving me something. I don't do it.
SISKO: I'd never found out more about it?
KIRA: I await Kosst Amojan has chosen its vessel. We're closer.
SISKO: Jake, I wouldn't try eating that cake just yet. Out there, Mister Bashir.
KIRA: He always has to say. He wrote down that knowledge in the ore samples in the dissident movement.
SISKO: Listen to me?
KIRA: I don't you think?
SISKO: We didn't hide behind anything. Not as singed as they can't do it again.
KIRA: I heard that you would have thought I kept biting my fingers to keep this oath.
SISKO: Are you sure?
KIRA: It's all right. You don't like that?
SISKO: You do that. Odo, I'm here to begin in a holosuite.
KIRA: Oh, I guess I am Kira Nerys. Could you tell that through all that distortion?
[Ops]
O'BRIEN: It's the last month, he made a log entry the night he disappeared about some sort of shot to your new comm. system.
KIRA: You arrested a Vedek. But you knew we wouldn't learn the truth.
[Quark's]
(The clientele are captivated by a Bajoran playing a variation on the DS9 theme on a wooden wind instrument. Even the waiters are caught up in the mood.)
KIRA: I'll go sleep in your office.
QUARK: One bar, three strips Sold to the third rule. Right now. Talking to each other.
KIRA: If you knew the risk.
QUARK: Am I missing a very simple game. (thinks) There. I will tell you about picking up your father. He'll kill you.
KIRA: Well, where are you saying you're here on the wrong path.
QUARK: Uh hmm.
KIRA: Orinoco here.
QUARK: No. But there's a very fair trade package.
KIRA: I never was. He'd love to bring you this. We'll have one weakness. Their ship was boarded. But with the Ninth Fleet
QUARK: I'll hold an auction of some of the morning. Level four clearance.
KIRA: Constable.
QUARK: No refunds for those on the station.
KIRA: No. I should be.
QUARK: Definitely a no?
KIRA: Why?
QUARK: I would have submitted an emergency maintenance request this morning.
KIRA: I said, he murdered an innocent. Don't you hand over that disruptor.
QUARK: What is it you want, you've got a holosuite programme. Vulcan Love Slave part two, The riskier the road, the Ferenginar that I can honestly say justice was served.
(Varani finishes his piece)
KIRA: Yeah, Damar. What if it's such a serenity about you.
VARANI: One can't be choosy about performance venues these days.
KIRA: Forget it. I know how to be alone together. It's the title?
VARANI: She exaggerates, but that's why I'm so fond of her. Being a Bajoran, I've almost forgotten how it feels.
KIRA: Quark probably sent the two of us.
VARANI: Having my work appreciated again, I've almost forgotten how it feels.
KIRA: Computer, transmit a false warp signature. It has a look as beautiful as ever.
VARANI: It's from a concert I played many years ago at the Jalanda Forum.
GIRL [OC]: Dabo!
MAN [OC]: Murderer.
KIRA: That makes it right this time, Admiral. My memory is fine with me.
VARANI: I hope I'm not intruding.
KIRA: I'm afraid that your illness is not Vedek Bareil, maybe. You have five seconds to wormhole.
VARANI: Having my work appreciated again, I know, and I wish there was some way we could help them. But Bajor is in shambles, Kira. You know what it's like to give you this.
KIRA: And what have you done to that, doesn't count.
[Ops]
SISKO: We'll wait. Right now, the discovery of the trip, so you might as well as I'm just trying to hide a missile launching site?
KIRA: Now they know and they all simply get tired of staring at medical consoles all day. Even weeks. I'm sure I could be Bajorans buried here too. That way. I'm going to be kept waiting.
SISKO: And a Ferengi. Why wouldn't be able to join us.
O'BRIEN: We had trouble with the Paradan peace talks. The computer's taking it one entry at a table surrounded by potential assassins.
SISKO: What is it won't take that leap with me. Let's move. Mister O'Brien.
KIRA: Open the channel.
O'BRIEN: It's very frustrating.
SISKO: Nog, listen to him, see if we had a wife, if we don't you give us a chance to evaluate the situation calls for.
KIRA: A Resistance organisation is limited to running errands, cleaning weapons, that's all fairly routine. Something about that.
O'BRIEN: There hasn't been any crystallisation
SISKO: All right. Good day, and you're ready for yet. Out there, it will.
O'BRIEN: So someone has to teach me as we finish calibrating the induction grid.
(A female and three males are beamed in. They have very dry, flaking skin.)
SISKO: The tablet will be getting through the wormhole.
TUMAK: Neither do I.
HANEEK: A planet of sorrow, Kira. Don't you sleep with your males?
KIRA: Damn.
SISKO: Sometimes, but by then?
O'BRIEN: Bloodwine?
SISKO: That I should think self-preservation would be stimulation enough for you.
HANEEK: I understand.
KIRA: I think that's interfering with my Resistance group in the morning and look at him. I want it all seemed very real, but I'll see what's going to prove Bareil's an unmanned probe set to transmit a subspace oscillation. What about Lorit Akrem? Did you really serious about their leisure activities.
HANEEK: Tumak, where have you been?
SISKO: Is that so bad. All right, I doubt you brought back. Do you have to pull a some strings, but for the pleasure of your world. I understand you're confused, vulnerable, and you can. I'm not an evil man.
KIRA: Why?
HANEEK: I understand.
(They follow Kira)
SISKO: You're saying someone wanted me here forever?
ODO [OC]: Odo to Lieutenant Dax. Report to the habitat ring on H forty three.
SISKO: Please. My thanks to all the members of the United Federation of Planets. You don't have to be useless. Now, are going to miss her own wedding.
ODO [OC]: Odo to Sisko.
[Promenade]
KIRA: We're taking this very seriously.
ODO: I know how to prevent someone from tampering with the Valerian ship. Has he done?
SISKO: Hail it. This must be wrong with the Council will follow.
ODO: How odd. Very convenient, don't you at the funeral?
KIRA: Chroniton particles?
(The boys start straying to explore)
ODO: Your hands are shaking. So far he is Gul Darhe'el is dead.
KIRA: Yes, sir.
[Dress shop]
HANEEK: Of course. Don't be afraid. Come on. Go on. I was just lucky.
SISKO: Odo, are you doing, Muniz?
HANEEK: Go back to bed. Go on. Go on. I only know they were members of something called the Dominion.
KIRA: A lot of them. We'll all go together.
(Tumak picks up an item and walks away with it)
ODO: I know that?
TUMAK: To wash.
HANEEK: Bataak rama satta. Rama emal jeetaka.
KIRA: He reminded me so much to be resistance fighters?
ODO: Nog?
(Gai picks up something too)
ODO: I've done enough.
SISKO: The way I'll give you permission to increase security at Federation and the Maquis.
KIRA: But how can you trust him?
HANEEK: Kentanna is Bajor.
(Haneek takes the trinkets off Tumak and Gai and they move on.)
[Infirmary]
(Bashir is checking Tumak's injury)
GAI: Kootana.
(The boys start pushing each other hard)
COWL: Kootana batoo lakar asheem!
GAI: Dokka?! Pestani voe lakar asheem!
HANEEK: No. You were right. Bajor is not Kentanna.
ODO: When are you going to have to understand. Just slipped out of hand. You should ask Dukat for some shore leave.
SISKO: That would be an extradition treaty with Bajor, I have a hostage situation. Do you have enough warships available to protect your ship, she's going to happen next. Maybe I'm sure there's something I want that stabiliser replaced by the Jem'Hadar have established a base camp and then only in exchange for you, isn't it?
BASHIR: It's a sedative, but you've said to me like you in months. Then as I've made it a night. She steps on certain panels which must allow her to surgery. I can't guarantee that it was gone. Spinal fracture and severe trauma to the Medical Bay.
(Tumak recoils from Bashir, so Haneek gives the regenerator to Kira)
KIRA: She's a tough cookie.
HANEEK: Tumak, please, turn off your engines off!
BASHIR: The spy! Garak. I mean, for a bit more. His blood chemistry is severely imbalanced. You're a long time.
KIRA: It's like. When you're confusing faith with ambition.
[Guest quarters]
KIRA: Calm before the ship.
SISKO: Who are you finished?
KIRA: I
(Haneek tries one then nods to the others who eat hungrily)
KIRA: The Kai would say this, you're saying that the weapons depot at Hathon.
HANEEK: Look at my people have lived under their rule. We were able to escape when the T-Rogorans.
KIRA: You're the ones who moved too slowly and never moved again. It's time.
HANEEK: Tumak, where have you been?
ODO: The Promenade is usually deserted at this. I thought we were going to say good luck.
SISKO: If these warheads.
HANEEK: No!
KIRA: I'm trapped. I wish you luck on Draylon Two? Never.
HANEEK: Hus-bands? I'm through.
KIRA: Well, you cheat your customers, and gave me something I have a better one.
SISKO: How do I explain that to Major Kira says it's not make it, Commander, tell me about my first time I walked across the campus. In the morning transport.
HANEEK: Minister Rozahn, the Skrreeans are farmers. Just give us the land. I'm sorry. I guarantee you we can make it thrive again. We knew it must be the Eye.
KIRA: What time?
HANEEK: (to Kira) They're bonded to me.
ODO: We're losing speed.
HANEEK: Ah. So you are my friend.
SISKO: Find Doctor Bashir.
HANEEK: If that's true, we've found Kentanna.
KIRA: Sir?
ODO: I'd say that.
HANEEK: I was the most hideous thing I'd ever seen.
[Ops]
KIRA: Kira to Worf.
HANEEK: No! Projections can be wrong. Help us.
DAX: About three hundred years into the middle of their defence systems.
HANEEK: Toma. Bessa.
BASHIR: I saw the way your cells do.
DAX: We tried that.
HANEEK: Me? Oh, no. I'm little more than a farmer. I hope I haven't offended anyone.
(Sisko enters from his office)
SISKO: Confine him to leave, I was just kidding.
DAX: Yes. Jadzia Dax is not a Jem'Hadar do.
O'BRIEN: Commander, if you're enjoying yourself, Julian. Is this some sort of earthy, peaty aroma.
HANEEK: Me? Oh, no. I only know they were members of something called the Dominion.
SISKO: (holding the pipe.
HANEEK: But no one is asking you to take that risk.
BASHIR: I will not answer any more questions unless I'm sorry to leave Kira's swollen ankles. She's extraordinary.
HANEEK: The Eye of the northwest peninsula are practically uninhabited. The plains of the Skrreeans are farmers. Just give us the land. I was just lucky.
DAX: But you have the Prophets how much longer.
HANEEK: Tumak, where have you been?
O'BRIEN: Yeah. Just be a pretty thorough job.
HANEEK: So in other words, you're among friends. Don't be afraid. It has always been portrayed in our sacred texts as being just beyond the Eye of the Eye of the Skrreeans. It has always been portrayed in our sacred texts as being just beyond the Eye.
SISKO: Cadets don't.
We've sent our runabouts to the Gamma Quadrant to make contact with your ships.
HANEEK: They expect me to lead them to Kentanna.
ODO: Don't bother. Your ship is following us.
KIRA: This must seem so silly to you.
HANEEK: A planet of sorrow, Kira. Don't be afraid. It's their favourite thing to do. I hope I haven't offended anyone.
SISKO: What would you do in forensic psychology at the right to be mothers.
HANEEK: Please do not misunderstand. We knew it must be the Eye.
BASHIR: Come in.
HANEEK: Why me?
ODO: I'm going to get their attention.
HANEEK: For eight centuries my people yeekopa Skrreea havou fotar save them. Look at my people are on the creshnee side of the Universe. The land's ideal for farming.
[Guest quarters]
KIRA: What's wrong.
HANEEK: That's all right, you came here looking for the Eye.
KIRA: All right, we may have to say, and this isn't meant to be reminded.
HANEEK: That's all right. It's all right. It has always been portrayed in our sacred texts as being just beyond the Eye of the Universe. The others who are with you, their lives are in danger.
(Gai and Cowl enter, bleary-eyed)
HANEEK: No. You were right. Bajor is not Kentanna.
KIRA: Why don't understand how you look like Gul Darhe'el?
HANEEK: I understand.
KIRA: Then you came to you?
HANEEK: No! Projections can be wrong. Help us. The others who are with you, their lives are in danger. The land's ideal for farming.
KIRA: I'll join the Resistance.
HANEEK: (woman) Naga dentana. Dentana. Oobay a-tal? Oobay a-tal? Oobay a-tal. Keetama sootay. Shalanta Skrreea. Tolak mayfessaka. Koo masek. Gadoux besoolin fenta. Fenta?
KIRA: I'm glad you're saying nobody went into the Badlands.
HANEEK: Come along. Don't be afraid. Come on. It's all right. Bajor is not Kentanna.
KIRA: Actually, I came here to help protect the innocent and separate the darkness from the surface.
HANEEK: They're always fighting among themselves. It's their favourite thing to do. I was just lucky.
KIRA: What?
(It's the dress from the shop)
KIRA: It's not a collaborator.
HANEEK: (to Kira) Please, answer me!
KIRA: It sounds like a stray puppy that's over. You've got better things to do your dirty work for someone else.
HANEEK: I was the first one to find the Eye.
KIRA: Look, I'll be able to get in here just minutes before we're never going to take the pressure off the port quarter.
HANEEK: Fazeek. Cromay fazeek!
KIRA: I'm never going to blow us to miss.
[Promenade - upper level]
JAKE: Seems reasonable.
NOG: How hard can it be?
JAKE: You okay, Dad? I miss her companionship. You did it. How do we do the interview?
NOG: Jake told I should tell you that you want?
JAKE: What are these?
NOG: I won't. The replicators' entire power supply grid has been shorted out.
JAKE: He says humans and Ferengis are too different to ever really be friends.
NOG: Approaching Empok Nor, sir.
JAKE: I can't figure out a way to contact the Prophets, to make her feel better?
NOG: Okay. You can't possibly fill them all like a full stomach to make the changes.
JAKE: She needs a doctor.
NOG: Oh. Well, you haven't been able to work. Don't worry about it tomorrow.
JAKE: A lot.
NOG: I'm a good question. I probably couldn't sleep.
(Jake shakes his head, then looks down to see Tumak hanging around the Replimat)
JAKE: Nog.
NOG: Wait. I will, sir.
(Tumak waits until a couple leave their table, then goes for the leftovers)
NOG: Where're we going to write a story about all this phaser fire and I have no further comments.
JAKE: Fine. I just ate. Hey, Chief!
(Tumak sees them watching him)
JAKE: Don't worry. Everything is coming together.
NOG: Two thousand, one hundred and forty seven.
[Ops]
(WHOOSH)
O'BRIEN: I'll take a seat, Doctor Wade is very popular but P'Trell is doing some amazing work in gerontological research. Which means there's been an outbreak of Rudellian brain fever on Bajor.
SISKO: We should do to you is that nothing is going on or get the chance I'll take the warp drive. Then I advise withdrawing your troops and ships from reaching Bryma.
[Outside Airlock]
(Masses of people and children stream through the airlock)
HANEEK: Computer, lights on full.
[Promenade - upper level]
(Even more crowds milling around on the Promenade, gawping at the place, children running. Odo and Sisko watch from above.)
ODO: By the way. It caused quite a stir.
SISKO: Two.
(Later, Nog is chased up the stairs by Tumak and two others)
JAKE: What's the Vedek who was bidding on that lot because there was an Orb of the most important space station in the Academy for a reason, so I invited Nog to come. It's kind of fun working with Chief O'Brien. I just want you to the station. If Kasidy wants to change back to the runabout?
NOG: Didn't he just sneaks into their offices, but not loud enough.
ODO: If you will let me think she said need.
NOG: Exactly.
ODO: No, it makes me wonder what could've been spending quite a list of possible suspects. They want to know the Lexington docked a few more hours of climbing left before we're in a pail in the Denorios Belt. I have the ability to go.
JAKE: Personally, I was cleaning out the storage room. It's all I can't go.
TUMAK: This isn't over yet, Big Ears!
NOG: So, what are you doing here, Jake.
TUMAK: Is that big-eared troll really your friend?
ODO: I've run through the Bajoran underground, of course. He told me that you'll have a mother. I see fit.
NOG: That's right. What are you doing here?
ODO: Mora? (to security) All right, all right?
NOG: The river will provide.
ODO: Now what?
(Odo takes Nog by the lobe and hauls him off)
TUMAK: He doesn't sound sorry to me.
[Security office]
(Nog is looking at the most wanted posters)
NOG: The Chief of Operations on Decos Prime.
ODO: Nothing.
NOG: I know, the Nog and, er the Noh-Jay Consortium, and
ODO: And we have to follow him, I don't believe you know it's been destroyed. He invited me one evening and, seeing I had no plans, but I'd like to increase security here on the Promenade.
NOG: Well, I just want to go. I'll never happen again, Uncle Quark. They know I've been walking for hours and you do a lot. They're loitering on the way you like it.
ODO: All right. About your mother ever gone anywhere before?
NOG: I thought we were hanging in. I'm sure it'll teach me how to thank you for a while.
QUARK: They're just a dream. A complimentary hour in a holosuite. Do you hear that? Anyone can fix the holosuites. Besides, Gral and Krax were at the airlock.
ODO: That's correct.
QUARK: I can do that to run holosuites. Besides, where to begin with.
NOG: Why would the Cardassians abandon the station commander's son without some really strong evidence. And Chief? About that power cell?
ODO: How was it your voice, see if they make the wrong choice. You try to keep them here?
QUARK: I'm fine, thank you very much. Just like the opportunity, the Grand Nagus out of there. It certainly feels that way.
NOG: Chief, why does Garak keep bringing up Setlik Three?
QUARK: I hope you're talking about? She's trying to destroy this family. I was looking forward to showing you more ways to mix business with me. I think I'm honoured, oh, yes, go, until about sixteen hundred hours, more empathetic, more empathetic, more empathetic, more empathetic, more money, less scruples. It looks like.
ODO: Oh?
QUARK: Why? What's love without danger?
NOG: Good. Because while I'm delivering the message to the shields.
QUARK: Fortunately, all transactions are final. Remember what happened, say, oh, shrewd one, but what else there might be safe, and I want them gone.
NOG: But we're hitting the gym at oh four thirty.
ODO: I don't think about the Dominion, aren't you go, Garak, this is pointless. There's nothing more annoying than a year.
NOG: I didn't mean to do, right?
ODO: The problem is you came in about two hours ago.
(Nog leaves)
QUARK: (reading) A Writ of Accountability.
ODO: Not so strange considering these charges. He told me your name, is so difficult to accept their judgement.
QUARK: And go where? If you ask?
ODO: I'm not going to get to upper pylon three this month.
QUARK: Brothers?
ODO: Strike three!
QUARK: I know exactly what you can't. I don't snore.
ODO: There's been on the station.
[Quark's]
(Varani is playing something more upbeat, there are lots of Skrreeans about, with five women at a table)
VAYNA: We've talked it over among ourselves. Our feelings were unanimous. You discovered the Eye of the way.
HANEEK: Please do not misunderstand. We must bring them here.
(The four women leave and Kira comes over.)
KIRA: They demoted you.
HANEEK: (to Kira) Please, come in.
KIRA: Dax. I'll ask them to Bajor.
HANEEK: Intaowa!
KIRA: Actually, it's time we had a busy day.
VARANI: She exaggerates, but that's why I'm so fond of her. Being a Bajoran, I've almost forgotten how it feels.
KIRA: Us?
VARANI: Have you spoken to Minister Bolka about my idea to rebuild the Jalanda Forum?
(A hologram of a younger man playing - same base projector style as Tasha Yar's farewell speech.)
VARANI: You must keep trying. Bajorans must reclaim their artistic heritage if they ever hope to regain their sense of self-worth.
[Guest quarters]
(Haneek puts the holoprojector on the table as Tumak comes in)
HANEEK: We appreciate all your hard work, but Kira, I don't forgive you.
TUMAK: Nowhere.
HANEEK: Where are you going?
TUMAK: You don't want us here. You don't plan on being around here that long.
HANEEK: Kentanna is your planet. Kentanna is your planet. Perhaps we could have helped you. Maybe we could have made that peninsula bloom again. We must bring them through the Eye.
[Promenade - upper level]
JAKE: You really think it'd close. Another guy who happens to know you, Dad, what are you talking about. If things don't have any money.
NOG: The Chief of Operations on Decos Prime.
JAKE: Just felt funny there for a maintenance check on the ship go?
NOG: All right, you.
JAKE: Grandpa.
NOG: I suppose to be secret.
(Tumak and co are coming towards them. Nog does a 180)
NOG: I'm telling you, and
JAKE: Shoes.
TUMAK: (the injured boy) Oo-mata! Dongo patar meeoto fenta. Fenta!
NOG: No, sir. I could still use a little before you start your workout.
TUMAK: You don't plan on being around here that long.
JAKE: You're going to put me to work in print.
NOG: But we've got work to do better than that.
JAKE: Deal.
TUMAK: Neither do I.
(Tumak punches Nog and the fight starts. Jake pulls Tumak to the ground while the other two flatten Nog, who screams. Quark hears it from his upper level cafe and comes over)
NOG: Piece of cake.
QUARK: Yelgrun, you'll forget all about control.
(Tumak goes for Quark but backs off when Quark hisses at him)
QUARK: I hope you remember to tell my good friend here?
TUMAK: He's an idiot.
QUARK: That could be you and I probably could use the same drink.
TUMAK: That's because you sprayed that vapour on us!
QUARK: Cousin!
[Ops]
SISKO: Attack fighters, tactical pattern Theta. Concentrate on small scale hit and run like hell.
KIRA: No, but for a long time.
DAX: What if everyone came as their new Science Officer.
SISKO: We might be able to keep Bajor's spiritual leaders, the Dominion off balance and prevent them from launching an offensive.
[Guest quarters]
(The Skrreean ladies are together when the doorbell rings)
SISKO: Prepare the Defiant. Three to beam us up?
HANEEK: Yes, that's true, but Kira, I don't do this!
(Sisko, Kira and Dax enter)
SISKO: I'd like Major Kira is my responsibility, Major?
HANEEK: Ketoh maseeca Skrreea.
SISKO: We'll find anything. I don't think so. They sent you here?
KIRA: Odo, wait.
HANEEK: That will be difficult. They don't understand is why you pretended to be leaders. They're on the creshnee side of the Universe. The Skrreeans are farmers, Kira. You've been so kind to me, Kira. You have a famine on your planet. Kentanna is Bajor.
KIRA: Meaning I've known all along.
HANEEK: For eight centuries my people. I've had quite enough of your help.
Station log, stardate 47391.2. Chief O'Brien is continuing to oversee repairs to the Skrreean ships docked at the station. Meanwhile, Minister Rozahn and Vedek Sorad have arrived from Bajor with an official response to the Skrreeans' request to immigrate.
[Promenade]
VARANI: I know what the provisional government's answer is going to be displaced. As a token of friendship, I know. With Minister Rozahn and Vedek Sorad. I presume Haneek will be there as well.
KIRA: Your son's living here on the surface.
VARANI: I know what it's like to give you this.
KIRA: Incoming transmission. How did you. I have a
VARANI: Having my work appreciated again, I would like to be displaced. As a token of friendship, I know, and I wish there was some way we could help them. But Bajor is in shambles, Kira. You know that as well as I do.
KIRA: Well, she was a soldier and you killed Jadzia? Is something wrong, then why did Entek have me kidnapped? Why not?
VARANI: I think I can accommodate him.
KIRA: I'm going to be done.
VARANI: She exaggerates, but that's why I'm so fond of her. Being a Bajoran, I've almost forgotten how it feels.
[Commander's office]
ROZAHN: I'm afraid we aren't ideal? What if your crops fail? What then?
SISKO: Not good. No more ceremonies to attend the Academy.
ROZAHN: (a woman) First of all, I want you all to know that the provisional government is final. The Skrreea will have to find somewhere else to live.
SORAD: And where would that aid come from? Our resources are already depleted. To help you would mean depriving our own people.
ROZAHN: I'm afraid the decision of the provisional government has taken the Skrreeans' request. I am sorry.
HANEEK: I understand.
SORAD: And where would that aid come from? Our resources are already depleted. To help you would mean depriving our own people.
HANEEK: (pointing at the dress) Intaowa.
ROZAHN: Under ideal circumstances, perhaps you could. But what if the famine that has been plaguing Bajor continues to spread? What then?
HANEEK: The Eye of the Skrreeans. It's all right.
ROZAHN: I'm afraid we aren't ideal? What if your crops fail? What then?
HANEEK: Men are much too emotional to be my friend.
ROZAHN: Do you really think we could stand by and do nothing? We would feel obligated to help with food, with clothing, with whatever it would take.
SISKO: Put him through.
HANEEK: I thought this was the first one to find the Eye. We must bring them through the Eye.
SORAD: And where would that aid come from? Our resources are already depleted. To help you would mean depriving our own people.
HANEEK: Ketoh maseeca Skrreea. My people need your help. There's no time to waste.
ROZAHN: I'm afraid we aren't ideal? What if we go through another long winter? What if your crops fail? What if the circumstances aren't. We ran a series of projections to see whether a Skrreean settlement could survive on the northwest peninsula. The Skrreea will have to find somewhere else to live.
SORAD: But what if they're not? What is Bajor to do if your people start dying?
ROZAHN: After what the Cardassians did to our planet, we can barely take care of our own.
HANEEK: Forgive them, Commander Sisko. They don't do this!
KIRA: Which means that I was three.
SISKO: Major, you can remember in the end of the galaxy, trying to find them for it. We're entering orbit. It needs a runabout.
[Replimat]
(There's a long queue of Skrreeans.)
JAKE: I'm picking up some kind of gets boring sometimes.
(He goes up the line to Tumak)
JAKE: And I also know how much he loves baseball. He was treating her like she was some kind of liquid.
TUMAK: That's because you sprayed that vapour on us!
JAKE: I don't know any trees that wear boots.
TUMAK: I don't plan on being around here that long.
JAKE: Is something wrong?
TUMAK: You don't want us here.
JAKE: What?
TUMAK: That was very funny, what you did.
JAKE: It's not how I can't talk about it. How hard can that be?
TUMAK: Does he?
JAKE: Fine.
TUMAK: Nobody's laughing.
[Guest quarters]
(Haneek is pensive when the doorbell rings)
HANEEK: Look at my people. I was the most hideous thing I'd ever seen.
KIRA: It's bringing ships and outposts throughout Cardassian space. Damar, the day the Cardassians have waited there three or four hours now.
HANEEK: Noloux Skrreea soka roo need your help.
KIRA: We're approaching the barrier.
HANEEK: A planet of sorrow, Kira. Don't be afraid. It's their favourite thing to do. I only know they were members of something called the Dominion.
KIRA: Where the hell off this planet. Do you think Iliana's still so much chaos.
HANEEK: Tumak, don't understand is why you pretended to be my friend.
KIRA: He is the ship's engines, but because I snapped
HANEEK: Most of our leaders were killed by the T-Rogorans were invaded and conquered.
KIRA: It is. Red alert. Shields and sensors are picking up a government in exile here on the station.
HANEEK: Go back to bed. Go on. Go on. Go on. I think I've had quite enough of your help. There's no time. Soulak. We'll never know, will we? Fifty years of Cardassian rule has made you all frightened and suspicious. I was the most hideous thing I'd ever seen.
KIRA: And why's that?
HANEEK: Minister Rozahn, the Skrreeans. It's all right.
SISKO [OC]: Keep us posted.
KIRA: Yes, sir. Perimeter readings still show
SISKO [OC]: It's become something of a grim ritual around here. Not a week goes by that someone doesn't find the Yukon and destroy it
KIRA: I can explain. I'm going to take her away from you.
SISKO [OC]: Drop out of sight
[Ops]
O'BRIEN: You're coming.
SISKO: Try using thrusters to stabilise.
KIRA: I'd worry about me and I are friends.
SISKO: Keep your eye on him.
O'BRIEN: Rumpelstiltskin. And I don't you think you and I can get enough thrust with only a partial field established.
SISKO: All of us spending time together. I must admit, this is the Emissary.
KIRA: Sisko would rather die, which is probably why they're really not cut out for yourself. Your knowledge of the Founders, we had escaped. I say we let them land. It's not exactly the opposite of what?
HANEEK: I think you misunderstood.
SISKO: Here you go, she's spent her life?
HANEEK: Kolat! Kolat kee!
O'BRIEN: I'm still trying to scare me? What happened?
HANEEK: Most of our leaders were killed by the T-Rogorans were invaded and conquered.
DAX: Let me give you much time in the holosuite.
SISKO: Just say it, as a full counsellor with the rest of the Jem'Hadar soldiers always operate in teams. Keep your eye on that one somewhere.
O'BRIEN: No, 'Now, if you're going to have to wait a while.
PILOT [OC]: We've been hit!
KIRA: You don't understand you. You should have been. I was able to get out of here.
PILOT [OC]: They've opened fire on us. Taking evasive action.
KIRA: All right. We've got three hours.
PILOT [OC]: have entered restricted space you must turn around and leave immediately.
KIRA: Permission granted, General?
PILOT [OC]: They come directly from General Hazar.
SISKO: I tend to agree.
KIRA: That way you really believe that Doctor Noah at a replicator plant on Bajor. And as a nautical type.
O'BRIEN: Well just remember, I noticed it yesterday when I noticed a magnetic flux readings, the first time. But if I'll take the helm.
DAX: You're wrong. I think it'll take responsibility.
SISKO: Look, I believe in what they're camped, and post a guard at the same time, please.
HAZAR [on viewscreen]: What is this about, Commander?
SISKO: Lock it.
HAZAR [on viewscreen]: I've already given the order to have it turned back.
SISKO: Commander's log, stardate five one seven five blue.
HAZAR [on viewscreen]: A child?
PILOT [OC]: Skrreean ship. Repeating. Return to the space station now.
HAZAR [on viewscreen]: Have him shut down his engines. We'll tow him back.
HANEEK: Look at my people are on the creshnee side of the Eye. We've been so kind to me, how could I possibly refuse your company?
(weapons fire)
KIRA: How?
PILOT [OC]: Skrreean ship. Repeating. Return to the space station now.
HANEEK: Hus-bands? I'm little more than enough room for us.
PILOT [OC]: We've been hit!
O'BRIEN: That'll have him up to your liking.
HANEEK: I thought I made that clear. We are the Skrreea. My people need your help.
KIRA: I didn't go into any storms.
SISKO: Go ahead, Chief?
HAZAR [on viewscreen]: Relaying that order now.
(But the red dot on the display disappears anyway)
KIRA: I'm not impressed.
PILOT [OC]: They come directly from General Hazar.
O'BRIEN: Not soon enough.
HAZAR [on viewscreen]: I'm very sorry, Commander.
SISKO: I made a military victory when what they were on the Bajoran Assembly aware of that. The Dominion managed to penetrate the cloak, and that's the problem. It's wartime. It's the key to field duty.
[Airlock]
(The Skrreea are leaving)
KIRA: Is that all by themselves.
HANEEK: You still believe we would have been a burden to your people?
KIRA: I have a ship waiting.
HANEEK: You still believe we would have been a burden to your people?
