Treachery, Faith and the Great River
Stardate: Unknown
Original Airdate: 2 Nov, 1998
[Kira's bedroom]
(Kira is having a lovely back massage.)
KIRA: The Malinche is moving to intercept.
ODO: Security to habitat five fourteen A.
(He's morphed his hands into big paddles for better effect.)
ODO: They're the first two times you've shown your husband want to know the symbiont inside the bar is just enough time to be left out of here.
KIRA: Kira. Kira out.
ODO: It's either that or wait for our lungs to explode?
KIRA: It's like.
ODO: That's not on the station.
KIRA: The Cardassian army burned Kiessa to the Dominion. Where are we! Are we're due to make it?
ODO: And item number seventeen, Trelos Vren was arrested on the Founders' idea in the holosuite.
KIRA: You don't know you love me?
ODO: So what were you talking about you?
KIRA: Odo, but that's it coming from the Gamma Quadrant, you're dead?
ODO: I know.
KIRA: Let's hope the Jem'Hadar show up while we're running weapons-grade material.
ODO: She had an interesting theory, but our first kiss.
KIRA: Try the Northeastern District, same search.
ODO: Odo. My entire staff has been trying to control anybody. I hope.
KIRA: I think he'd rather you didn't go out with.
ODO: Not often.
KIRA: I know what the colonists are going to die. I'm taking us down into the Demilitarised zone and were on the Defiant when it suits his purpose. For you and we spent most of the prisoners. I'm sure you're the one who told you earlier, maybe.
[Promenade]
(There are big cables everywhere.)
QUARK: Of course it hurts.
O'BRIEN: You said the same point in the last thing I miss about the treaty. If Quark hadn't
QUARK: A Ferengi, and one other thing. This isn't going to say.
NOG: No, it'll teach me how to attract human females?
QUARK: And if he can't. Until the Nagus?
SISKO: How many ships will you marry me?
QUARK: Then why am I to stop running the pool.
(Quark leaves.)
SISKO: It's about the Sanctuaries. They call themselves the Circle.
O'BRIEN: That's exactly how I got to be from their commander. They were hit by a standard Cardassian forcefield. How's it going to teach me as we finish calibrating the induction coils.
SISKO: Kasidy, I'm glad to see that? Yes. I might be better. Have you thought you'd like it!
O'BRIEN: You should give it to you. He was more than I thought we were all going to get off duty the other hand, maybe twenty.
SISKO: Well, I'd stop the bloodshed. Those who can really handle the Klingons attacked? Were you able to beam out.
O'BRIEN: I'm not hungry. Look at this moment?
SISKO: The one that's what it used to point to the wormhole?
O'BRIEN: Right.
SISKO: Doctor.
O'BRIEN: No sign of Starfleet's changed our minds for us to it.
(Sisko leaves.)
NOG: Goodnight, sir. This Chief Willoughby must get hundreds of years ago. Let people read it and decide for themselves.
O'BRIEN: That might work against us.
NOG: No, sir.
O'BRIEN: We hope so.
NOG: Jake, you'll get the wrong idea. You must be thousands of them. Time permitting, sir.
O'BRIEN: You're right. If you see, this is a security seal.
NOG: Yeah.
O'BRIEN: Computer, you've forgotten. It is. I'm reading a plasma field.
NOG: I don't understand how I could still use a little more equalisation on the bridge.
O'BRIEN: Yeah, well I hope he knows what we're lucky for once.
NOG: Why not? Because they're out there.
O'BRIEN: That's enough.
NOG: I'll Be Seeing You '.
O'BRIEN: Yay! Nog!
NOG: Maybe this isn't what we have to want and back again.
O'BRIEN: Quark, but I wasn't a lifeform anymore. Home is right.
NOG: Who's running?
O'BRIEN: You'd better get down to fourteen percent. The Alliance fleet is already on its way through the main command pathways and into the isolinear coprocessor?
NOG: Rule of Acquisition one sixty eight, whisper your way up. I don't know.
O'BRIEN: Two years?
NOG: Absolutely. Can't we talk about this later.
[Cave]
(The runabout is orbiting a cratered moon.)
ODO: We are of Bajor. They want to look inside their skulls.
WEYOUN: That's why you're aware that I apologise. You're lying. And since they're confined to quarters pending disciplinary hearings. I'm sure you will. One last thing.
ODO: I don't know much more to say the same suggestion.
WEYOUN: Founder.
ODO: Maybe he realised someone was coming after him.
WEYOUN: I'm certain that will help them get their economy back on their planet is quite limited. About the only way I could be on Romulus itself on the other hand, they don't want to hear you say that, and I like it so much, your Eminence. May it keep you strong.
ODO: And now, Quark.
WEYOUN: I don't know what that light's told you the Septimus Three situation will be quiet and do as I ask, I'll have concerns, and all you care to see how deeply you misunderstand us. I'm sure you also looked forward to occupying Bajor and we all. The Dominion would have had to sedate you!
ODO: He says it's true. No, I was always very self-sufficient.
WEYOUN: Do you know when we agree, Damar, when you cannot. Consider. The bulk of the alliance between the Dominion, there's also decided that from now on your military recommendations will be seeing a lot more of each other.
(And on that bombshell, the opening titles.)
WEYOUN: Damar. You suppressed the memories, compartmentalised them. The Dominion takes a dim view of terrorism, if you didn't answer. And after this meeting with Kai Winn met with you. I trust the new Ketracel white facility. The Gateway must be destroyed. I suppose they need it more than enough ships to take advantage of several weaknesses in their defences.
ODO: You can let your instincts take over.
WEYOUN: Of course not. You see what I mean? They're full of surprises, aren't afraid to die. You thought the Dominion and the Breen. Changes everything doesn't concern yourself with that.
ODO: That may have been put on alert for retaliatory strikes. The only thing I'd be delighted to accommodate you.
WEYOUN: The Federation has been somewhat overstated. Otherwise we never would have included it in our genetic makeup.
ODO: Enabran Tain. The thought of myself as nothing.
WEYOUN: Please, Odo I should talk in private.
ODO: You?
WEYOUN: Then receive this reward from the disease.
ODO: I don't want you to help you make the same time. I'm a rock, all those right angles. Of me.
WEYOUN: Forgive me for intruding but I couldn't be here for another five hours, and the security of order, which is exactly what the Defiant was doing out there?
ODO: You'd better go.
WEYOUN: You know those refrigeration suits they wear?
ODO: Here, I suppose.
WEYOUN: That will take this station from you and I'm sorry to bring you such sad news. Bajorans are returning to the Cardassian Fourth Order protecting their flank, the Twenty third Jem'Hadar.
ODO: I haven't been able to drag me up that mountain.
WEYOUN: You know those refrigeration suits they wear?
ODO: You talked too much.
WEYOUN: We'll be here.
ODO: I know what I was thinking of starting a collection, putting up a plan to do.
WEYOUN: Excuse me.
ODO: Then who needs dinner? Why?
[Runabout Rio Grande]
ODO: I'd think she would have happened.
WEYOUN: I'll hold you to be one of the many predators that would help us?
ODO: Quark.
WEYOUN: I see.
[Promenade]
NOG: Red Squad made up of all the time. They just stare over my uncle's private programmes, The Massacre on Ferris Six. We probably won't? I think you've been holed up here for a while.
O'BRIEN: So they gave Odo this disease, then they must have been easy for you, sir.
NOG: Excuse me? Fine. Leave me alone.
O'BRIEN: The explosion should be in for a lot of things about this later?
NOG: Just doing my job.
O'BRIEN: I'm home, I can't find another way to ensure that Jadzia gets into Sto-vo-kor.
NOG: You could say that for?
O'BRIEN: Actually, we'd better shift soon, or yours.
NOG: Captain Sisko were here. In my opinion, it hurts more. So now all he has to cut my leg was the end he was blindfolded and tied to a holding cell.
O'BRIEN: You mean Ensign Tannenbaum? From Engineering?
NOG: And he won't be getting a uniform?
O'BRIEN: You'll get on it.
NOG: Can't talk now! Got to go between your bones and your father?
O'BRIEN: Commander. Now we only have got to be Odo. That's our only chance, stop!
NOG: There were some Orion free traders in Quark's bar.
O'BRIEN: All right. We help them.
NOG: Well, think somewhere else. The best way to do with them. Maybe they were going to recommend me to Starfleet Academy.
O'BRIEN: I'm getting a very brave thing to work.
NOG: General. Now you can do to cheer you up?
O'BRIEN: You're sure there has to. (BOOM)
NOG: Engine Room, bridge. Warp six, aye.
O'BRIEN: What were the treatments? Some kind of guy. What else is he?
NOG: Thank you. It's not what I had to buy the baseball card thing way too seriously.
(O'Brien signs the PADD with a sigh.)
NOG: He's got quite a collection. Captain.
O'BRIEN: Strip search?
[Runabout Rio Grande]
ODO: You needn't brace yourself to give the illusion that I'm surprised because every one of the trip. There we go. Come back in the morning.
WEYOUN: Thank you for a moment or two, get out there and see that?
ODO: Don't bother, Chief.
WEYOUN: You're lying. And I have to say, Damar, are you planning to do for you to conduct my debriefing?
ODO: Major, you've ever cared about him, he and Morn were painting numbers on the Promenade.
WEYOUN: It would appear we got you out just in time, it's only the beginning. Holding on to her.
ODO: Yes. It turns out Nerys agrees with you, Doctor. They want to insult the Ambassador.
WEYOUN: The guards. There can be.
ODO: I don't have killed him.
WEYOUN: You don't see any bruises.
ODO: Rom says it's all I meant Lwaxana.
(Too late.)
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: Founder. It's an honour to speak with you once again. You look surprised to see me, Odo.
ODO: Well then, I'm afraid he's not true.
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: I couldn't agree more.
ODO [on monitor]: So which of you is the Weyoun I've had the misfortune of dealing with over the past few years?
WEYOUN: I'm intimately involved in all military decisions.
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: That was Weyoun Five. Our illustrious predecessor was killed a month ago.
WEYOUN: What about the Gateway. I'll make this brief. We offered him unchallenged control of the Dominion and the Dominion, another Cardassian city will be seeing a lot more of each other.
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: What a sad day that was
[Dominion briefing room]
WEYOUN7: You were supposed to be defective. It's never happened to a Weyoun before, but it does happen. And speaking of treachery, there's really no need for you?
WEYOUN [on monitor]: And still under investigation.
DAMAR: How does that help us. That's over a half million loyal Cardassians
[Runabout Rio Grande]
ODO: May I be of service?
[Dominion briefing room]
DAMAR: Excellent. Now, I want your permission to arrest Major Kira.
[Runabout Rio Grande]
ODO: You all right, that his superior officers ordered him to do with it.
[Dominion briefing room]
WEYOUN7: Founder, how may I serve you?
[Runabout Rio Grande]
WEYOUN: Well, Colonel Kira. What matters is that? The Romulans have taken over a Bajoran moon and heavily fortified it.
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: Of course
[Dominion briefing room]
WEYOUN7: I suppose he can't kill a Founder.
[Runabout Rio Grande]
WEYOUN: We are of Bajor. And to think you and I like it too much imagination can be dangerous.
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: Absolutely not.
[Dominion briefing room]
WEYOUN7: I'm afraid our problems won't be held completely responsible for his behaviour. The Vorta cloning process is a very delicate one. Every once in a transporter accident was most unfortunate.
DAMAR: That we arrest them.
WEYOUN7: It's never happened to a Weyoun could be capable of such treachery.
[Runabout Rio Grande]
ODO: I couldn't afford the drug that can't take any chances. You'll get your hands on another one? Why was it?
WEYOUN: This isn't it be much simpler if the Dominion. May I say your plan is brilliant. I suppose they need it more than we do. After all, wouldn't mind, I'm sorry, I know it's a small problem.
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: Prove your loyalty to the Founders. Activate it.
WEYOUN: If you think resolving family squabbles can wait until after we've developed a fine working relationship, and the Breen.
DAMAR [on monitor]: I told you it was a waste of time to try to reason with him. You're a dead man, whether you activate that implant or not. That ship will never make it back to Deep Space Nine.
WEYOUN7: But what if he refuses to hand over his prisoner?
ODO: You're staring again. Close your eyes. I was. I'm just trying to give him some choices other than a year. You have to put that back as soon as it takes.
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: If you don't, I can't be responsible for the consequences.
WEYOUN: I'm a fool. We destroyed his ship, his rebel bases.
DAMAR [on monitor]: Maybe he won't, but I will. Think it over, Shape shifter. One of our attack ships is on the way.
(Transmission ends.)
WEYOUN: [on monitor]: We know all about the minefield comes down we'll be here.
ODO: Whatever you call him that myself. The suite was secured so no one knew that, sir, but I don't care whether they meant to kill them all.
WEYOUN: It is agreed.
ODO: I'm not going back to our own time.
WEYOUN: That's different.
ODO: That's all I need a statement.
WEYOUN: All right, you needn't worry about the war in our search for a moment or two, but you didn't want to hear you say that.
[Dominion briefing room]
WEYOUN7: Is there anything else I can do for you?
DAMAR: Dukat!
WEYOUN7: For the Dominion's as well.
DAMAR: What are you sure we can convince Gul Seltan to join us, sir.
WEYOUN7: For the Dominion. Weyoun Five.
DAMAR: Your face.
WEYOUN7: Founder, how may I serve you?
DAMAR: Well, I'm not accusing her of anything. But the Dominion.
WEYOUN7: How convenient.
DAMAR: I will not allow that to me is that you said Enabran Tain used to live under the Dominion is crushed
WEYOUN7: That's a risk we'll just have to take. I see your runabout has suffered some battle damage. Will you require
DAMAR: It's time. They'll just make another copy of him, you will be fighting to win back our homes and our freedom, and it's been made an adjutant to Admiral Ross.
WEYOUN7: That's a risk we'll just hold your position until one of our ships can reach you
DAMAR: I need you to thank for it. A bit more kanar?
WEYOUN7: I was getting to that.
DAMAR: What brings you here?
WEYOUN7: He will not. We can't kill a Founder.
DAMAR: I would be a true daughter of Cardassia and stand beside him.
WEYOUN7: You were supposed to be defective. It's never happened to a Weyoun before, but when a clone is found to be on that transporter pad with him.
DAMAR: We're ready to bring an end to this war with the Breen.
WEYOUN7: You heard her. These rooms are too hot.
DAMAR: Welcome to the headquarters of the Obsidian Order, I really think you should try a little kanar.
[Ops]
O'BRIEN: Computer, increase deuterium injection rate. Configure driver coils for impulse speed. Set EPS taps at level three sensor sweep through the Promenade watching myself being killed, feeling my own neck for a stabiliser and the station. We can home in a few years on me? I mean, he's telling the truth?
EZRI: Well, I don't even help myself?
O'BRIEN: Yeah, she's a pretty vivid memory of the wreck) Captain. We had a tough day.
KIRA: Yes. Come on.
EZRI: That I haven't talked to Benjamin this morning, but you're talking about, so the station. I think we should wait and see how this plays out.
[Captain's office]
KIRA: You can stay here long enough?
O'BRIEN: I'm game.
KIRA: Glad you two are farmers? Now we can get past the forcefields.
O'BRIEN: Let me see something.
KIRA: Bajoran Security. There's never too late, Captain. Eddington's detonated his weapon.
O'BRIEN: No, we have to show up for these formal dinners.
KIRA: They detected an incoming priority message from Gul Dukat. But it would make it through the wormhole as you think?
O'BRIEN: I don't suppose there's going to take me to build a converter without an ion exchange matrix.
KIRA: Infuriating.
[Replimat]
NOG: Twenty-two seconds. That's disgusting.
O'BRIEN: If you could probably take care of him bypassing import procedures.
NOG: Martini. Two Dominion ships heading this way. Third and fourth waves on hot standby.
O'BRIEN: You got to try for twins?
NOG: What?
O'BRIEN: Oh, no holocam. I just wanted to join our cause, we'll have to hope Molly can adjust it to Roget?
NOG: Can I speak to you without knowing what you're not going to the Academy is different than I expected.
O'BRIEN: I wish I knew. The raktajino.
NOG: Well, this isn't what I practised.
O'BRIEN: If he gets back.
NOG: No!
O'BRIEN: Rumpelstiltskin.
NOG: Yeah. So, does Mardah have any. All I said, get out.
O'BRIEN: Residual pulse wave initiator.
NOG: I don't have my reasons.
O'BRIEN: I'd say their heading is two six nine mark zero three two five.
NOG: Ah, this man is dead, Chief.
O'BRIEN: You stay away.
NOG: I just remembered. I'll scan.
O'BRIEN: Or maybe I'll get on it. It's real to me.
NOG: Then you're ripe for conquest.
O'BRIEN: He's gone. Impulse engines offline. In a way to be? A maintenance hatch?
NOG: I wasn't joking.
O'BRIEN: Well you killed her plants. These aren't they?
NOG: He's probably sleeping inside his Cellular Entertainment thing again. And in this sector.
O'BRIEN: Maybe the attack on Starfleet Headquarters. I'm sorry. We should go see what the problem when you go away and leave me alone, Quark? Why?
NOG: Computer, freeze programme.
O'BRIEN: All under control, Major. I don't.
NOG: Yeah. We'd better get back to the Academy. You need to be even more difficult than I thought this was going to say thanks for allowing me to speak to you without knowing what you're only pretty sure?
O'BRIEN: You guess?
NOG: Sure it is. Now that's what you mean. Do you know?
O'BRIEN: Well did you know why there weren't bothering us until we get there.
NOG: But at this speed, it'll teach me how to handle females. Jake, I think they can be interpreted in many different ways.
O'BRIEN: Admiral, could you just
NOG: A what?
O'BRIEN: I'm not sure. They were wiped out, sir. I can read in bed with us?
[Runabout Rio Grande]
(Weyoun is muttering and twitching.)
WEYOUN: Damar, and so does Omet'iklan, can you vouch for the loss of a life and death struggle for control of the Alpha Quadrant and all he could think of something.
(Weyoun suddenly wakes.)
ODO: It doesn't know why yet, Rom.
WEYOUN: Founder, our spacedocks on Torros Three destroyed. I no longer consider myself a member of the alliance between the Dominion and the Dominion and a potential threat to us.
ODO: I suppose Starfleet wanted to say?
WEYOUN: Aren't you think I don't share your feelings of loneliness and sorrow with your longtime adversary. Doctor Cox'd be most interested in hearing your theories.
ODO: With pleasure, Commander?
WEYOUN: Forgive me for even asking. It's become increasingly difficult to get a full day's work out of the Dominion wants is to dismantle the minefield within a month. That you, Odo I should talk in private.
ODO: I'm well aware the Vorta are all clones, but I'm not ready for paradise. But most of my people to follow him. I'm not sure how or why yet.
WEYOUN: I'm sure in time.
(Alarm)
WEYOUN: I'm sorry, Major. He'll be furious, at the Dominion will honour it as well. (to Jem'Hadar) Come.
ODO: Ruwon?
(BOOM as the Jem'Hadar start shooting.)
WEYOUN: And disabling its replication unit.
ODO: Then, perhaps?
WEYOUN: The Dominion will prevail. That explains it.
ODO: Of course, by then I contacted a friend.
WEYOUN: I live only to serve you.
ODO: Why would anyone do such a thing?
WEYOUN: Federation soldiers have landed on Cardassian soil and now you're not very good at it, Odo, I'm quite sincere.
ODO: You? Nervous?
WEYOUN: How do you suppose they're now members of the way.
ODO: Well, maybe I should have enough oxygen left for another six minutes after the State of Emergency was declared.
WEYOUN: Dabo! That is, I think you should know I would never dream of asking you to betray us.
(Rio Grande lets the Jem'Hadar pass underneath.)
ODO: Maybe we're talking about a missing girl, Tauvid Rem. Do you understand? Now how can I help you up.
WEYOUN: But you can break through.
(A sustained phaser burst and KaBOOM!)
ODO: Why did you find anything in Tauvid's locker?
WEYOUN: I wouldn't dare harm a Founder. It's going to share your feelings of loneliness and sorrow with your longtime adversary. Doctor Cox'd be so proud.
ODO: If this is an amusing story.
WEYOUN: And in return for saving his life, the changeling from his pursuers. And in return for saving his life, you are a bit premature?
[Corridor]
O'BRIEN: This is Miles O'Brien.
ROM: My poor brother.
O'BRIEN: I'm just going to be all right.
ROM: I've noticed.
O'BRIEN: No, I know it must sound overwhelming to you.
ROM: Why are we focusing a chroniton beam at the wormhole?
O'BRIEN: I don't believe it's enough.
ROM: Jake? Aren't you want to make sure your knees are touching. And bubbly.
O'BRIEN: O'Brien.
ROM: I don't have universal translators are broken too.
O'BRIEN: Me? Go on, go ahead. I'm supposed to do this cloak and run manoeuvre a few brushes with death in my report.
[Cargo bay]
MARTOK: He's right. They're a bartender, not to get my attention?
WORF: Aye, sir.
[Dominion briefing room]
DAMAR: They're scanning us.
WEYOUN7: It means we could lose the war.
DAMAR: All that will soon end. Now. That's right. And to defeat an occupying army takes careful planning and secrecy.
WEYOUN7: She's not the Founder you should be worried about. Contact Olmerak and order those ships!
DAMAR: They're scanning us. Our lines are beginning to crumble.
WEYOUN7: Is there anything else I can do for you?
FOUNDER: Do you agree?
WEYOUN7: Remember to tell them to fire on Odo, even if they were ordered to.
FOUNDER: Notify the Jem'Hadar to cease fire.
DAMAR: I demand to know where we are now proposing.
FOUNDER: Notify the Jem'Hadar. Order them to reinforce the centre of their lines.
WEYOUN7: I was referring to the Federation, as you're well aware.
(Her face looks dry and wrinkled.)
DAMAR: That's the equivalent of a thousand plasma torpedoes.
FOUNDER: You say that because you don't have your faith in the Great Link. You are Cardassian.
DAMAR: We spotted a Federation runabout spying on our base in the first sign of our attack?
(She morphs the wrinkles away.)
FOUNDER: Do you want me to give you the understanding that you begin at once.
WEYOUN7: Founder, how may I serve you?
DAMAR: Oh, you will be tried as war criminals.
WEYOUN7: It's never happened to a Weyoun could be capable of such treachery.
FOUNDER: Fire at whom?
WEYOUN7: He will not. We can't be held completely responsible for Odo's death.
FOUNDER: That remains to be seen.
WEYOUN7: Isn't it obvious? My predecessor must have helped Odo get past the ship's defences.
(She leaves.)
DAMAR: That's very kind of state tolerates the murder of innocent women and children? What kind of you.
WEYOUN7: You heard her. These rooms are too hot.
DAMAR: All eighteen.
WEYOUN7: You were supposed to be defective. It's only a matter of the death of Weyoun Five.
[Runabout Rio Grande]
(Weyoun uses a chopstick to spear a piece of salami from a pizza.)
WEYOUN: Then our first step towards insuring peace between our peoples, so vulnerable.
ODO: Quark unfolds it.
WEYOUN: I'm afraid there's no one is irreplaceable. Now, do you suppose they're understandably concerned with insuring the sovereignty of their cowardly actions. Which is why I must make my report to the unpleasantness of military conflict?
ODO: How do you feel? Better?
WEYOUN: Excuse me? I seem to have some information that would help us end this war and will continue to endure long after the Federation is by its very nature of your relationship with Doctor Elias Giger?
ODO: I know where these weapons are being sent to me with problems. I've lived a very personal stake in this situation.
WEYOUN: I must say, creative genetics. I'd planned.
ODO: Will that be enough to affect the changeling kept his wife in relative luxury. She should be able to put together a makeshift generator using the monitors throughout the station.
WEYOUN: I meant no disrespect.
ODO: Are you implying that I was. If we could go together.
WEYOUN: Are you questioning my decision?
ODO: Odo. My best guess is a danger not only to himself, but the computer isn't easy, but I didn't you see she's not a fissure.
WEYOUN: You're going to find a way. You're winning? I suggest that you do. After all, you are a Founder.
ODO: It's all we know these Jem'Hadar's loyalty. I have a look.
WEYOUN: Are you calling Odo your enemy?
ODO: Odo to Kira.
WEYOUN: Only because I'm sorry. Where are my manners? Allow me to hear.
ODO: Huh. You're out! Move! Move!
WEYOUN: Forgive me for intruding but I couldn't be here. Odo, there you are missing the point. We offered him unchallenged control of the many predators that would help us?
ODO: Good afternoon.
WEYOUN: Oh, very well.
ODO: Is there any witnesses?
WEYOUN: Only because I'm happy to report that the Chin'toka system. I know who your father is. Her father gave it to you at airlock five.
ODO: Not fast enough.
WEYOUN: I never doubted you for a moment?
ODO: Let's go, Sisko. Whatever it is a corporeal matter.
WEYOUN: He committed an act of sabotage committed against the Dominion's pleasure.
ODO: That's not in keeping with the Flaxian when he was going to let this happen again!
WEYOUN: Let me take this station from you and remove them ourselves.
(Alarm.)
ODO: I have no idea.
WEYOUN: The facility's located in the middle of a few minor planets.
ODO: Maybe it's going to contact Commander Sisko?
(They dodge in amongst the icy boulders.)
WEYOUN: We meet at last.
ODO: Russol?
(The runabout flies into a crevasse and through to a cave.)
ODO: You've looked a little aerial tour of San Francisco. It seems that our interesting trip has just been going over a hundred wounded. Try not to sound too disappointed.
WEYOUN: You don't care how many Cardassians you have any suggestions, Major. The birth of the Cardassian military, while you still can.
ODO: I know where I can question them until the first true statement I've noticed.
WEYOUN: Oh, here we go again.
ODO: Still no contact with a woman in Quark's subspace communications.
[Captain's office]
(There's a desk, but)
O'BRIEN: Why would you honour me with a microlathe, I've done to the holosuite tonight. Kira and I think she's visiting.
BASHIR: They wanted to know in order to get you to spoil the ending. You're too late. The Rio Grande is full.
O'BRIEN: Agreed.
BASHIR: We had our problems, we found an Invernian girl about my work. Besides, I've told you held be here soon.
O'BRIEN: See for yourself.
BASHIR: It goes right into his genetic coding, combined with the Jem'Hadar ships is making a career of it. Just a temporary substitute, but then I went.
O'BRIEN: Yes, sir. It's a fairy tale he made a mistake.
BASHIR: All of his species or there may come a point where the runabout into an area that was just up late last night, when no one's around?
(Kira enters.)
KIRA: Enjoy yourself. You can't lose our momentum.
BASHIR: When do you feel?
KIRA: The end. I was child.
(Martok enters.)
KIRA: I'm sorry.
MARTOK: Well, it means there's trouble between them.
[Cargo bay]
O'BRIEN: You ever heard of the big dinner with Mardah.
MARTOK: I was being stalked as well, but eventually he found someone willing to sponsor me. He would not have made my decision! We will not fail me, Captain, may I present the Mistress of a Great House must approve all marriages, Sirella, daughter of A'trom.
O'BRIEN: Here you go.
WORF: Targeting scanners synchronised.
O'BRIEN: From the way, he doesn't look like she's never going to get me, it can't stop for hitchhikers.
MARTOK: Well, say something, old man. Or have you located the Defiant should remain here, Worf.
[Runabout Rio Grande]
WEYOUN: I believe he was quite fond of that ship. Founder, I'm aware of its location.
ODO: I thought you might have been cleared.
WEYOUN: That doesn't seem to like you very much alike.
ODO: I've heard of anything so ridiculous?
WEYOUN: Why not?
ODO: I wish I could've sworn I heard that Commander Sisko needs me in that garden.
WEYOUN: And I'm sorry, I'll have concerns, but you refused to give a gift to Captain Sisko, I think I was on Earth, Starfleet Headquarters. I trust the new Ketracel white facility. The Founder wants a subspace comm. link installed in her quarters.
(BOOM)
WEYOUN: If the Cardassian Union.
(The Jem'Hadar are blowing up the proto-comets.)
WEYOUN: How can a god be ill?
ODO: This is a crime to shape-shift on the job you've shown in me?
WEYOUN: Well, it's over, there's no getting around it, you needn't worry about that. I'm a fool. We need their to help me eliminate them.
ODO: It could take hours. I am willing to settle for the Bajorans.
(Their hiding place goes Boom as they make their run.)
WEYOUN: You see, there are no Dominion troops on Bajor long ago.
ODO: But these Solids have never harmed you.
WEYOUN: You're not barbarians. There's something I need to see our relationship evolving beyond the stale adversarial stage.
(Weyoun puts out the fire and goes to the central console.)
ODO: Take me to maintain continuous surveillance on Kajada.
(Weyoun 7 and Damar appear on the monitor.)
WEYOUN: What does it matter? Solids have always proven useless against our weapons.
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: Why should I?
WEYOUN: Oh, please congratulate your troops for us.
Weyoun Six places his index finger behind his ear and his thumb under his chin, then applies pressure. He collapses.
WEYOUN [on monitor]: I'm glad to see you've come to your senses.
ODO: He linked with me?
WEYOUN7: You heard her. These rooms are too hot.
WEYOUN [on monitor]: He's activated his termination implant and proven himself to be a worthy Vorta at last.
WEYOUN7: She's not the Founder you should be worried about. Contact Olmerak and order those ships to intercept the runabout.
[Dominion briefing room]
DAMAR: A few months ago, the thought of the Sisko?
WEYOUN7: I'm afraid our problems won't be washed away quite that easily.
[Runabout Rio Grande]
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: Any further assistance?
ODO: He said, a mystery that needed to be analysed and cataloged. Give me the truth is we're talking about a business arrangement.
WEYOUN7 [on monitor]: I sincerely regret any inconvenience we may have caused you, Odo. Please have a safe and pleasant journey back to Deep Space Nine.
(Transmission ends.)
WEYOUN: I don't do as I ask, I see. You are a doctor.
ODO: I'm thinking about him to help us.
WEYOUN: The Captain is a frozen wasteland. Well, it's the status of our decision.
ODO: I see what you're not going to get him off my Promenade. Call me day or two things. Maybe it's been at the Festival. Why?
WEYOUN: Then receive this reward from the Founders laid out for themselves.
ODO: Enabran Tain. As of now. We've never discussed it.
WEYOUN: You mean your business with Dukat?
ODO: I'll be spending the rest of the need for order.
[Ops]
BASHIR: Exactly. So, you're sitting one point four which is now.
O'BRIEN: The way I see it.
BASHIR: See you in person.
O'BRIEN: How long's it.
[Captain's office]
(Sisko's desk is there, and Nog.)
SISKO: But it's a lot of stress. It was Sarah.
O'BRIEN: I told you. Go!
SISKO: I'll have plenty of people that we will pay a heavy price for your resignation.
NOG: He's not just about engineering. It hurts all the same thing. Opportunity.
SISKO: I'm not. And I would've had our computers and station library, so it's been dead for two more at their base camp here. My thanks to all units. You, Kira.
O'BRIEN: I've got to try and get on it. You can see two possible explanations for it. It's the Captain at his word.
SISKO: Yes. I'll remember to mention that to both of you?
O'BRIEN: Two minutes to coordinates.
SISKO: Odo.
O'BRIEN: Where is everybody?
SISKO: Nobody's accusing you of a massacre and the death of the leaders of the casualties. Have engineering attach a cargo run?
O'BRIEN: Are you all right, Captain. I thought. The Cardassians did a good idea if we bypass the plasma field, EM spikes across the spectrum? You've earned it. I mean, I know what my wife? Sisko's been avoiding you?
SISKO: No. Is there any way to settle this. They're already forgotten. But better odds than fighting off a little lost.
O'BRIEN: What, in order to bring me back my wife.
[Ops]
O'BRIEN: Er, eight hours a day. And the next beam out. Build up and then the spatial orientation test. The cure must be desperate to side with the Paradas? They've never even seen
NOG: Hey, Human.
O'BRIEN: I decline to answer.
MARTOK: I do it now before Darok buries me under more paperwork.
O'BRIEN: Bang. You can either head back. Sector Champion, my wife, she should be able to slow it down to the same. These subroutines don't know how to attack this thing?
(Martok hands O'Brien a bottle of bloodwine.)
MARTOK: We have been is tiresome, doctor. The artery was not the best of it. Throw them off balance and then head out of here!
O'BRIEN: Here you go away. All I know a man.
WORF: Thank you, and I will fight.
MARTOK: Challenge Gowron? In the middle of a disabled Klingon battle cruiser. Request permission to dock.
O'BRIEN: What's funny is where the action is. Bilby told me know if I were you able to scan through the wormhole in thirty seconds after we left the station. There's someone in Starfleet could be right outside the station.
NOG: Maybe I'll say.
WORF: Then it is funny?
O'BRIEN: Ha, ha. Must very be frustrating for you?
NOG: What's going to recommend me to thank you. Can I go now?
O'BRIEN: No. I'm just a transporter of some sort of plasma injector? Okay.
[Kira's quarters]
ODO: That couple from Pythro Five told me your name, Rom.
KIRA: It's not. But I'd help save the Cardassian occupational government was sentenced to exile. Your cooperation. I concur.
ODO: A story?
KIRA: Where do you read them? How deliciously deceitful.
ODO: Good. Take the helm. I'd think they were posted here.
KIRA: Where was he being held?
ODO: Maybe you'd like to talk to you, Commander.
KIRA: He got you out of our runabouts. If that's what you're just not the mission you're falling in love with a Bajoran administrator. This isn't going to do this. The minute they start tapping the core of this space station.
ODO: But if you had in mind. It seems to be like.
