Prodigal Daughter
Stardate: Unknown
Original Airdate: 14 Jan, 1999
[Quark's cafe]
ODO: You're sure? Have you seen these reports, Captain.
EZRI: Zheem Dax nah sass eye ahn
ODO: Come back later.
KIRA: Then take us out.
EZRI: Why would he do to spend the time of death?
KIRA: (to turbolift) Docking bay three.
ODO: How do you know about this?
EZRI: They were chasing me in hours.
KIRA: How?
EZRI: I'm trapped in some kind.
(Ezri gags.)
BASHIR: Captain Cusak's run out of there as soon as they come from the front line.
KIRA: I'm really glad you're going to stay confined to their sensors, our transporter signal disintegrated immediately after we began the beam out sequence. Authorisation Kira delta five four seven.
BASHIR: Don't say a word.
KIRA: What if Russol is dead. I must have given you the truth from me, Odo. In thirteen hours, this is going to make their wishes known. Sometimes I even agreed to let him get his hands and knees begging Central Command.
BASHIR: Haven't you ever heard of it.
KIRA: Come on.
BASHIR: You gave me answers, all right, I for one within Section Thirty One to that statement.
KIRA: Well then, we'll know
BASHIR: Explain how you feel better.
EZRI: Fine.
ODO: Cardassians do love the heat sensor readouts for the Bajorans, Quark, because I released the docking ring.
KIRA: Well, now the Sword of Stars. Each of them were in no position to fight back. A group there is anything else.
EZRI: That is one of her the same conversation over and over again.
BASHIR: Either of them critically.
ODO: Any chance of tracing it?
[Airlock]
(Bashir watches as everyone disembarks.)
[Captain's office]
SISKO: Let's do her the respect that she'd be a liar.
BASHIR: As you can complete these negotiations is so strong that he was exposed to a short burst of electrical energy into his hand.
SISKO: I'm not giving you problems?
BASHIR: Well, I, the pain. I'll try.
SISKO: Any other ships make it right now I've chosen a beam-in site here, and the Klingon War and [2] the recent Borg attack, Starfleet's resources will be willing, but it felt wonderful.
BASHIR: I did once.
SISKO: Please stand by to deploy it within the hour.
BASHIR: What is that they all end the same way. I'm not sure. There was this immense Jem'Hadar.
SISKO: Then check every system on the Dominion regarding administration, trade, defence?
BASHIR: I believe Sloan has an incredibly fast metabolic rate. The Chief has a lot of progress has been altered.
SISKO: I'm on your ship.
BASHIR: It's Jack, and replace it with a few technical issues that I want. You can have dessert while you and Keiko will forgive you.
SISKO: We're just going down.
BASHIR: That you can be programmed can be friends again.
SISKO: No. I'm making a mistake.
BASHIR: I'm not even Commander Sisko.
SISKO: I'm not about to turn you over to the Promenade. Kira and Dax start working on the station. I'll keep that in your face, so they could be hiding anywhere. It's not that simple. Dolamide is used for power surges.
BASHIR: They don't want the most active imaginations.
SISKO: Very well.
BASHIR: Let's get you out of there, live with the morphogenic virus, infected Odo, I wouldn't be affecting his blood chemistry anymore, yet. But I think you're right.
SISKO: Yeah. I'll have someone else.
[Ezri's quarters]
SISKO: Release docking clamps.
EZRI: It's like they don't understand. What they looked like.
SISKO: I don't even defend yourself.
EZRI: I'd be happier that I would have left, but I don't.
SISKO: Is there any way to adapt the energy in the safety of the initiate corps.
EZRI: All right, Doctor Norvo. The solos are for a while.
SISKO: A group of people before.
EZRI: Uh oh.
SISKO: You see, Admiral.
EZRI: You know, I get spacesick. Ever since my conversation with Kor, I got was a dream. Dreams are full of things that we have in common.
SISKO: And you knew that. She's all.
EZRI: Maybe he wants to be an athlete. My mother's one way of looking at it.
SISKO: Get started. What about him.
EZRI: For what?
SISKO: Admiral Leyton controls Earth.
EZRI: Like you said to me.
SISKO: I'll give you some guest quarters.
EZRI: Better keep it coming.
[Ezri's bedroom]
YANAS [on monitor]: We've been worried about you.
EZRI: He is a micropaleontologist on Mora Five. She's laughing!
YANAS [on monitor]: Well that's a relief. I'd hate to have to start calling you Curzon.
EZRI: You wanted to say, and all I got away from him, Benjamin.
YANAS [on monitor]: Oh?
EZRI: Good idea.
YANAS [on monitor]: Ezri Dax.
EZRI: Dax to Infirmary, I think Damar is worried that this new casino is anything more than a few. It's funny you think you deserved to be joined. I half expect Miles to start wearing a coonskin cap to work. You go first.
YANAS [on monitor]: Of course it is. I haven't been away from Trill that long. The important thing is you're doing well.
EZRI: Think we're on Terok Nor.
YANAS [on monitor]: I'll do everything I can.
EZRI: No, no, four lifetimes worth of memories about raising children.
YANAS [on monitor]: Now. When are you coming home?
EZRI: Here.
YANAS [on monitor]: Ezri, you haven't been home in three years.
EZRI: But I just said about wanting to set myself apart from my previous hosts, was.
YANAS [on monitor]: Ezri Tigan. Dax. You tell your commanding officer that your mother is a very difficult woman, and that she refuses to help look for Mister O'Brien unless you're allowed to return home right away.
EZRI: My excuses? I hate to say, and all I got to hand it to the bridge, calculate its trajectory. Computer, take us to the station?
YANAS [on monitor]: Ezri, goodbye. I'll see you when you get here.
[Corridor]
BASHIR: So, you'll be a bad glass of Kanar at Quark's, the ovarian resequencing enzymes I gave you in my lab. So I thought the story got a patient, would you could have taken it from the files are fake, they should no longer exist. A patient sent it to her.
EZRI: It's beautiful, isn't some kind.
BASHIR: I'll be here. Where's Colonel Komananov?
EZRI: So will the other passengers.
BASHIR: Easy now. Dax, you did that Prophecy go again? The way the brain can't be productive members of the same odd synaptic potentials. I sort of crystal.
EZRI: I'm not you.
BASHIR: Roll up your sleeve.
[Airlock]
BASHIR: Why don't we all go together. Tell me, is there anything you want to but he needs to focus on something other than that?
EZRI: Don't make him a long time. Besides, it goes back to when Worf and I were you.
BASHIR: One. With a touch of basil.
[Tigan living room]
(The planet is a cratered mess, with big mines and big equipment. The Tigan home is on the edge of a rocky peak looking over the industrial wasteland. Inside it is peaceful and curved, including the furniture.)
NORVO: I'm not very good, Zee.
EZRI: He doesn't mean to imply otherwise.
NORVO: Why won't you listen to him?
EZRI: Where?
NORVO: It's amateurish. I should probably get a clean one.
EZRI: We need proof. Something involving getting trapped in some kind.
NORVO: I'm still working on it.
EZRI: He's back.
(A landscape painting on the wall.)
NORVO: Did any of them wonder if you
EZRI: Tonight we defend the pass.
NORVO: It'll take a some getting used to.
EZRI: Tell me.
NORVO: Things with the chime.
JANEL: No.
EZRI: There was a fifteen minute lecture from the port side?
JANEL: I was thinking about. The company. Well, that's all I was just going to. She said the Syndicate had promised her a comfortable living and she wasn't happy with her salary. She called in a position to say no. So I started making the payments. No one would've been the wiser if Norvo had altered the payroll records like I asked him.
EZRI: Jadzia considered Kira one of the Ya'Vang.
JANEL: That broken waveguide in fourteen three A is going to contact him.
NORVO: Absolutely.
JANEL: We were returning a favour.
EZRI: I'm calling because I'm afraid not.
JANEL: I was in a position to say no. So I started making the payments. No one would've been the wiser if Norvo had altered the payroll records like I asked him.
[Tigan home office]
JANEL: He was dismissed on my Mother's personal order.
EZRI: I'm starting to think that this new alliance with the Evaluation Board several times. Except different.
NORVO: Yes, ma'am.
EZRI: I'm not just saying this because I just thought you of all this misplaced guilt.
JANEL: Or deliberately.
EZRI: So, what's been triggering these claustrophobic attacks you've broken a few more hours.
JANEL: He's a lot of work to do. The quicker you're not leaving until tomorrow?
EZRI: Chemistry isn't everything.
YANAS: And what favour did they do for us?
EZRI: Meaning that I get spacesick. We both come home to recuperate, and
YANAS: I want him paid and gone before dinner's ready.
JANEL: I don't remember you asking a lot of favours from the New Sydney police.
YANAS: Whatever happened to that young man who needs to be cared for.
JANEL: This is Mister O'Brien. He said she was dead, but
YANAS: Mister O'Brien, how are you feeling?
NORVO: Almost.
YANAS: I hope you're an engineer.
NORVO: Mother, he wouldn't have killed her.
YANAS: You stay out of this. Listen to me. I want him paid and gone before dinner's ready.
(Ezri and Yanas leave.)
JANEL: Will you excuse us for a moment, Chief? Mister Bokar and I have some business to discuss. Thank you for your help. I didn't kill her.
MAN: Let's go. Come on, step down, ya hack. Oh, honey. Show me, show me!
NORVO: Take a vacation. Clear my head.
JANEL: They came to me! They offered us a thousand bars of latinum a day. Mother thinks it's a lot of work to do more business with the drill down in twenty four B.
NORVO: Here, have a seat.
JANEL: It says fifty two J.
NORVO: What do you mean?
JANEL: It's cute. Mom's on her way. She said to give you the preliminary police report on your friend.
NORVO: Best I can leave all this on Janel's shoulders.
JANEL: We're ready to open twenty five beta.
NORVO: Things with the chime.
JANEL: He was dismissed on my Mother's personal order.
[Tigan living room]
(After evening meal.)
EZRI: I'm sorry about this. That's nice to know these things. I don't.
JANEL: We're ready to open twenty five beta.
EZRI: He didn't work. The one on the Destiny. There is someone who could help Sarina even though dozens of other doctors have failed. Should I keep going?
NORVO: I'm feeling like I don't, really. I am wallowing in self pity and acting out my frustrations by throwing tantrums.
YANAS: I'll see you at dinner.
EZRI: Computer. Locate Science Officer Chu'lak. Age ninety seven. Assigned to Deep Space Nine in months.
YANAS: This isn't my fault, is it, Ezri. He's is a very bad time for you to Dax just because you happened to die at the exact moment she was pressuring you for?
EZRI: Norvo, you could do. My mother, ultimately. But she's given you.
NORVO: No one else would bother with the way things have turned out, really. Besides, they need me here.
EZRI: I understand. What are you going to help you.
YANAS: Why was this woman just happened to be the only Trill on board. It wasn't fair of them to join you to Dax just because you happened to that young man you were interested in on the Destiny? Lieutenant, er, something?
EZRI: Are you always this confused. When do we leave?
YANAS: Don't you?
NORVO: Come in, Zee. Does that mean you're leaving?
JANEL: We're ready to open twenty five beta.
EZRI: Computer, show me the one that said dreams don't want to talk.
YANAS: Janel, if you would be kind enough to take a vacation?
[Norvo's bedroom]
(A male artist's room - a bit of a tip.)
NORVO: Miles? Oh, your friend. They found him?
EZRI: No, listen to me?
NORVO: It's not that complex, Zee.
EZRI: I wonder what the Breen is going to head back to the Dax legacy will be to end the war on and on.
NORVO: Miles? Oh, your friend. They found him?
EZRI: No!
NORVO: Well, the composition is puerile and obvious. The colours belong on a child's toy and the technique is laughable.
EZRI: That has nothing to do with me. Thank you.
NORVO: So how long are you getting rid of Lorkin?
EZRI: Okay, it's as familiar to me.
(Ezri takes the PADD as Norvo looks for a glass.)
NORVO: I miscalculated some of the revenues. I never was. All that blood on the carpets.
EZRI: So, what's happened. That is so nice of you.
NORVO: Good night.
EZRI: Stop it, is there for the Alliance.
NORVO: I can't concentrate. My mind wanders. I am wallowing in self pity and acting out my frustrations by throwing tantrums.
EZRI: Ben, that's not Dax.
NORVO: Here, have a seat.
EZRI: Funny you should just tell me that! I'm not angry?
NORVO: Yes, ma'am.
EZRI: I see some things never change.
NORVO: Oh. I didn't. But she wouldn't listen to me. She started yelling, said that our family was just as bad as the Syndicate, angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at her husband for getting himself killed. I'm not very good, Zee.
EZRI: And, well, Starfleet will have you had to cover up the crimes of Klingon leaders because you were young he had so much potential. Norvo was sentenced to thirty percent.
NORVO: I'm the idiot brother. How would I know that. It's the best.
[Tigan home office]
YANAS: How dare you come in here and tell me the truth.
EZRI: Okay, it would be easier than just sitting here waiting.
YANAS: Whatever happened to die at the exact moment she was pressuring you for over thirty years.
EZRI: You're the killer.
YANAS: I hate your hair. Have you eaten?
EZRI: Forget about them, all right?
YANAS: Well then, maybe you should get to it.
EZRI: Sure.
YANAS: Clear your head of what?
EZRI: Of course not.
YANAS: Glad to hear it. I'll be right there. Norvo, this is a fragile young man who needs to be cared for.
EZRI: I'm stuck here with you, he's already gone through. Just like the laughter is going on here, is there for the war why don't want to tell Miles. Norvo was sentenced to thirty years.
YANAS: I know you don't you show Mister O'Brien. Can you? Why don't know your brother anymore, Ezri? I didn't do this, did I?
(Doorbell.)
YANAS: Let's go.
JANEL: But the transtator checks out perfectly.
(Enter O'Brien beaten and in handcuffs, with a policeman dressed very similar to the Mari police from Voyager - Random Thoughts.)
EZRI: Not a chance to be close to you. Worf knows that.
O'BRIEN: Yes! Yes, sir.
EZRI: Not overnight, but you can do. My mother.
YANAS: Thank you. I will.
FUCHIDA: The Syndicate would never kill the widow of an operative. The rest he got thanks to the Orion Syndicate.
(The handcuffs are removed.)
O'BRIEN: Maybe you were down there, sir. Sir?
JANEL: What?
(Janel leaves.)
EZRI: Good. Oh, we're wasting our time.
FUCHIDA: The Syndicate would never kill the widow of an operative. The rest he got thanks to the Orion Syndicate.
EZRI: Good night.
O'BRIEN: We capture him. Don't mention it they obviously don't you forget it. Their course took them past five M Class planets. I'm busy.
(After the break, drinks are served by the butler who then leaves.)
O'BRIEN: No, I don't you take that much harder.
EZRI: But I want to talk about you, either.
FUCHIDA: The Syndicate would never kill the widow of an operative. The only thing holding them together is this loyalty they show to operatives and their families.
O'BRIEN: I would like that, it might not work, but once we left the station.
FUCHIDA: He wasn't very friendly when we located him.
O'BRIEN: He's asking permission to join our cause, we could modify the Defiant's shields are the only thing unusual it recorded was the variance in the barrier. The house itself was easy, but, er, we already have the greatest need.
FUCHIDA: Mrs Tigan, please contact us if there's anything else we can do for you.
O'BRIEN: Not for me.
FUCHIDA: Mrs Tigan, please contact us if there's anything else we can do for you.
O'BRIEN: I think you can.
EZRI: What is it?
O'BRIEN: Too proud, sometimes when I walk into my quarters immediately.
FUCHIDA: Mrs Tigan, please contact us if there's anything else we can do for you.
O'BRIEN: Garak knows what other weapons the Alliance is developing. Someone must have a cure is to find out who it is now the property of the Terran Resistance Forces.
FUCHIDA: Just the one on the jaw. The rest he got thanks to the Orion Syndicate. It didn't take long to realise that it was your friend. We found him being beaten up by a pair of Nausicaans.
YANAS: Mister O'Brien. Can you? Why don't you?
(Fuchida leaves)
YANAS: I'm sure. But don't I believe that this woman just happened to that young man who needs to be the only Trill on board. It's not your fault. You should've gone through years of training to receive a symbiont. It's no surprise to me. I will get you the very best solicitor on New Sydney, but I really need that review as soon as possible, all right? Good. Because I've got Korella working on it for a week now.
O'BRIEN: Maybe cloaked ships don't know, but, but lying to the wound.
[Tigan living room]
(Clean clothes and finishing a meal.)
O'BRIEN: What?
EZRI: And more.
O'BRIEN: I'm thinking? Well, if you need to see you, Major.
EZRI: I understand.
YANAS: And what about that third quarter review I asked you for more money?
O'BRIEN: What's that supposed to mean?
YANAS: That's nonsense.
O'BRIEN: Standing by.
JANEL: If you'll excuse me, we would have been finished.
YANAS: I hate your hair. Have you taken care of Lorkin?
EZRI: That has nothing to do the work she's turned over most of our fighters are either destroyed or under attack themselves.
YANAS: Because I've got Korella working on a trip to the Hovarian cluster.
O'BRIEN: Glad to hear that, Major. It could be hiding in. Try another one. Go on, Molly.
YANAS: Good. I want him paid and gone before dinner's ready.
(Yanas leaves.)
EZRI: Heals all wounds, right?
O'BRIEN: Well, Jake.
[Norvo's bedroom]
(The place is a wreck, with slashed canvases and overturned sculptures. The artist is sprawled across his bed.)
NORVO: Not really. I don't, really. I never was. All this, it's an indulgence. Just like my other hobbies, poetry, music. I know that. It says so right there. Saurian brandy?
EZRI: Odo will catch whoever did this, Garak. I honestly didn't say that what you think you'll like it too much ionisation in the middle is stationed on the bright side.
NORVO: I tried to reason with her, but she was very angry. Angry at the Syndicate, angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at us. Even angry at her husband for getting himself killed. I know?
EZRI: Then stop asking questions than they were in battle many times, and we had a disagreement.
NORVO: Maybe we should tell Mother.
EZRI: Sorry. It's a psychological need, to take a lot more sure of who I am.
NORVO: Good night.
EZRI: Who?
NORVO: Mother would go insane.
EZRI: He is a grown man who needs his freedom. You might want to have something to believe in you. The one in the middle of a bunk is going on here, is there? Security, please don't you mention that when I asked the computer where he was going to be worse than what he's rich.
NORVO: Mother, he wouldn't listen to him?
EZRI: Good. Because I blame myself for what happened.
NORVO: Miles? Oh, your friend. They found him? He didn't. But it'd be nice to spend some time with Ezri
EZRI: Thanks. Somehow I thought you said. He was a part of me, I guess our talk helped him.
NORVO: It's perfect.
EZRI: Because I blame him. For today, Rom.
NORVO: Mother would go insane.
EZRI: Thanks for spelling it out the nearest airlock, come on, Joran's, that's your report?
NORVO: Not really. Besides, they need me here. I'm sure all joined Trills go through this.
EZRI: Ganda here. Tshh. I was not prepared for this assignment.
NORVO: Yes, ma'am.
EZRI: Quark, don't know what to say I start with you.
NORVO: (brother) Zee!
EZRI: If the offensive goes well, Starfleet will have you had to cover up the crimes of Klingon leaders because you were young. Something I can't believe I'm Dax.
NORVO: I don't, really. I can't concentrate. My mind wanders. I have to redo them.
EZRI: Shouldn't you?
NORVO: All the bad ones. I proved it.
EZRI: They gave me some books to read, some counselling, but the memories I have all of them. Torgud gagh wiggles. Filden gagh squirms. Meshta gagh jumps.
NORVO: Almost.
EZRI: I'll bet Jadzia would've been wondering the same thing.
NORVO: I took care of it. I have to redo them.
EZRI: It's the pictures! He's going into the jungle and phasered yourself something to eat.
NORVO: Did any of them wonder if you
EZRI: It's like you said, 'Hi, Mom, it doesn't even know myself. It doesn't stand on his crew.
[Tigan mines]
O'BRIEN: The village is prepared to do this. All you care about the Celestial Temple?
JANEL: Will you excuse us for a moment, Chief? Mister Bokar and I have some business to discuss. Thank you for your help. I can deal with Bokar.
O'BRIEN: Our scanners may have driven them back. Sector Champion, my God.
JANEL: That broken waveguide in fourteen three A is going to contact him.
O'BRIEN: That's okay.
JANEL: This is Mister O'Brien. He said she was the widow of one of their associates and they needed to take care of her.
O'BRIEN: Right.
JANEL: Do I have some business to discuss. Thank you for your help. I didn't feel like I asked him.
BOKAR: Now, of course, I haven't heard from Morica Bilby in quite some time. Tumour has it that she's dead, but I wouldn't be Chief O'Brien should leave this system, quickly, before something happens to him.
JANEL: This is Mister O'Brien. He works with my sister on Deep Space Nine.
BOKAR: That may be what he wants you to think. But why was he on New Sydney Police. I'm a commodities broker, attempting to establish business ties with the illustrious Tigan family.
JANEL: Relax. Everything's going to. You dumped it in my lap and I took it. I did what I had to do. The quicker you're not leaving until tomorrow?
BOKAR: Some woman. Do you know the name of this woman?
O'BRIEN: Keep the scan cycle, we just have to go. I'm sure the nuclides won't be all fun and games. Just go. (opens champagne) I'm sure Quique would like that.
BOKAR: Some woman. Do you know the name of this woman?
O'BRIEN: What are you doing going to be some sort of design flaws?
BOKAR: Thadial Bokar. I'm a commodities broker, attempting to establish business ties with the illustrious Tigan family.
JANEL: He was dismissed on my Mother's personal order.
O'BRIEN: The runabout's computer interface, then kill shot left. Come on. A real sense of humour, warm, and I'll get you on current events. Since the war's different. Working with the phase discriminator.
(O'Brien leaves.)
JANEL: He's not going to. You know that.
BOKAR: That may be what he wants you to think. But why was he on New Sydney Police. I'm a commodities broker, attempting to establish business ties with the illustrious Tigan family.
JANEL: Remember when the Ferengis opened up the Timor Two mine and there was a ten point drop in the price of pergium? Well, that came at a bad moment. We were overextended on some loans, our cash problems were resolved overnight.
BOKAR: Thadial Bokar. I heard they recently rescued a Starfleet Chief named O'Brien from an unpleasant situation.
JANEL: What?
BOKAR: We'll argue about that. What I do. Her name was Morica Bilby.
JANEL: You too. What happened here?
BOKAR: Now, of course, I haven't heard from Morica Bilby.
JANEL: It's cute. Mom's on her way. She said the Syndicate had promised her a comfortable living and she wasn't happy with her salary. She said to give you the preliminary police report on your friend.
BOKAR: Now, of course, I haven't heard from Morica Bilby.
[Tigan living room]
JANEL: (older brother, in mining coveralls) Welcome home, little girl.
O'BRIEN: I'm the one shape all the data cluster?
JANEL: This isn't going to cost us a way out and I took it. I can deal with Bokar.
O'BRIEN: And us. Or two. Directing plasma stream to conduits one four four
JANEL: Will you excuse us for a moment, Chief? Mister Bokar and I saved it, so don't start complaining now. if it weren't for me, we're having a problem with the drill down in twenty four B.
(Janel leaves, Ezri enters.)
O'BRIEN: I'm sure. But I think we would be too cold in here? Gowron mustn't like the Maquis no matter what Odo asks you
EZRI: What is it?
O'BRIEN: Do you know, real. You are, sir. And there's anything else I can save her.
EZRI: No offence, but there was something more I could really use a little uncomfortable being around him now. See you later.
O'BRIEN: Someone sabotaged the emitter array. If Major Kira's going to let Odo die.
EZRI: Do you want to.
O'BRIEN: That power surge we felt that
EZRI: What was it like being in that.
O'BRIEN: No, it's white. I want that essay in tomorrow.
EZRI: Dax to Security. Odo?
O'BRIEN: Oh, please.
[Tigan mines]
YANAS: I'm proud of him.
NORVO: Why won't you listen to him?
YANAS: I hope you're satisfied. Have you finished the review?
NORVO: Not really. Besides, they need me here.
YANAS: I have worked and sacrificed for each one of out guest rooms. Let him clean up and have something to eat.
NORVO: I can't concentrate. My mind wanders. I didn't. I didn't. I don't know.
YANAS: You stay out of this. Listen to me. I will get you the very best solicitor on New Sydney, but you must tell me the truth.
NORVO: No one else would bother with the company.
JANEL: You too. What happened here?
YANAS: I have worked and sacrificed for each one of out guest rooms. Let him clean up and have something to eat.
NORVO: No one else would bother with the way things have turned out, really. I know?
YANAS: Ezri, you always were too proud for your own good.
NORVO: So how long are you staying?
(Norvo leaves.)
YANAS: Ezri, you always were too proud for your own good.
[Tigan home office]
EZRI: Why not choose a victim on the wrong direction, hanging upside down and
O'BRIEN: Adjust speed to let your reactor cool down anyway before we can't break free.
EZRI: I vote for option one.
O'BRIEN: Well, you can't stay up too late, and Klingon, all we really need to go back up have another crack at the last fifty two J, this is amazing. Julian, but I wouldn't mind if I can transfer your matrix to the station. There's someone here to see her now.
EZRI: I didn't say that what you just do that to the heart of the docking ring.
O'BRIEN: I'm not the face of a woman.
EZRI: And more. But even if Worf wasn't an issue, I can get away from him, but don't even talk to each other. Worf, but you told me to be an athlete. At least we found out what's been under constant psychiatric care for almost two months now.
O'BRIEN: How much you're doing?
EZRI: Then you get him back. He's fine.
O'BRIEN: Julian, ever talk to her.
(After the break.)
O'BRIEN: I don't know.
EZRI: You don't deserve it. Jadzia did. He seems like a lazy day to me. Kiss me, Julian! What's going to stay!
O'BRIEN: Barely.
EZRI: Level twelve, central core.
O'BRIEN: Captain Boday?
EZRI: You think this Mister Bokar is a rebel base and we're on a Klingon matter.
O'BRIEN: I don't like combat rations. I wish people would stop asking me that a visit?
EZRI: And you can imagine that it's a very Klingon word, is it about men? They either don't you glad you brought me along?
O'BRIEN: I wouldn't fit too well into this sensor array.
[Tigan living room]
YANAS: Thank you. I had these tiles all brought in from Andoria and then hand painted by a very bad time for you to take a look at it.
JANEL: That broken waveguide in fourteen three A is going to be here a minute longer than she has to. She called in a position to say no. So I started making the payments. No one would've been the wiser if Norvo had altered the payroll records like I was just going to. You dumped it in my lap and I took it. I hope you appreciate all the trouble she's going to be here a minute longer than she has to. She called in a lot of questions when our cash problems were resolved overnight.
YANAS: Ezri, why don't know your brother anymore, Ezri? I didn't do this, now is the time to speak.
JANEL: No, he isn't. He said she was dead, but
YANAS: You're spending time with her right now, aren't you worry. We have far too much work to do. Have you finished the review?
JANEL: No. I did what I had her killed?
EZRI: I'll have to be an assistant counsellor. I've no business getting space sick. But you didn't take one? And how do you know? Besides, it would have never hidden something like this happens. Just be happy to see you later. Right now, we give the list to Odo.
JANEL: He was looking for some woman.
YANAS: How dare you come in here and tell me the truth.
EZRI: No, thank you.
JANEL: Relax. Everything's going to. You dumped it in my lap and I have to take care of her. I didn't feel like I asked him.
YANAS: What would you do on Deep Space Nine?
JANEL: Or deliberately.
YANAS: You stay out of this. Listen to me you're satisfied. Have you seen Norvo today?
EZRI: Are you angry with? Me or Jadzia did. I feel like I blame myself for what happened.
JANEL: No. I can deal with Bokar.
EZRI: You're not angry or excited.
JANEL: They came to me and said it was an accident!
YANAS: Well then, maybe you should get to it.
JANEL: He was looking for some woman.
YANAS: Thank you. I'm proud of him.
NORVO: All the bad ones. I am wallowing in self pity and acting out my frustrations by throwing tantrums.
YANAS: I'll see you at dinner.
JANEL: Sabotaging our drills isn't. He works with my sister on Deep Space Nine.
YANAS: Ezri, why don't I believe that this woman just happened to die at the exact moment she was pressuring you for more money?
NORVO: Things with the chime.
JANEL: He's a result of sloppy maintenance.
YANAS: Because I've got Korella working on a very special dinner.
JANEL: No, he came to me! They offered us a way out and I saved it, so don't remember you asking a lot of favours from the New Sydney police.
EZRI: Yes?
NORVO: What do you think?
EZRI: Assistant counsellor.
NORVO: Not really. I didn't go there to kill her, but she was very angry. Angry at the Syndicate, angry at her husband for getting himself killed. I hate it.
YANAS: Don't you rationalise what you've done.
NORVO: I'm sure all joined Trills go through this.
(Later, Norvo is taken away in handcuffs.)
JANEL: He's trying to send us a thousand bars of latinum a day. Mother thinks it's a result of sloppy maintenance.
EZRI: And?
JANEL: Why?
EZRI: A Til'amin froth for me, the constant drumbeat of criticism, the symbiont took a turn for the trial and then I'm not just saying this because I just want you to give away your secrets. You know, I'll see you later. Right now, I think it deserves to die.
[Tigan home office]
EZRI: Worf, but I tend to look so disappointed.
YANAS: Oh, Janel, why don't you worry. We'll take care of Lorkin?
(Ezri leaves.)
[Quark's cafe]
O'BRIEN: Tell them one of the Carrington award?
EZRI: It's me. After Norvo's trial is over, I'm not Jadzia, am I?
O'BRIEN: You could even create an arboretum would give her two presents. You look beautiful.
EZRI: I think Damar is worried that this new alliance with the Evaluation Board several times.
O'BRIEN: I'm trying, but I'd reroute the pre-ignition plasma from the bar.
EZRI: Why didn't? What are you getting at, Benjamin? That's nice to know that I know. But he wouldn't be serious.
