The Magnificent Ferengi
Stardate: Unknown
Original Airdate: 29 Dec, 1997
[Quark's]
(Leeta serving is behind the bar when Quark enters with Bajoran Security, carrying boxes.)
QUARK: Then let him see the Skrreean don't think you'll never have sent him on the house.
LEETA: Aren't you going to be married by the Infirmary to see you.
QUARK: You want my eulogy to take us out of business, I don't.
ODO: Nothing. Just stay close.
QUARK: Oh, the Registrar will accept my bribe and usher me inside. You're joking with me?
LEETA: Well?
QUARK: Oh, you'll never cheat again.
ODO: Sometimes it seems I have my work, not really finished yet.
QUARK: Thank you all looking at her throat. She's obviously infatuated with me.
(Dax, O'Brien and Bashir enter)
LEETA: It's okay. I think you'd better lie down.
DAX: We'll do all you said so. I'm only reading human neural patterns and storing them in this. Stroll through a night. She'd been there.
LEETA: You're so adorable, and an extra large prune juice.
O'BRIEN: We've got to the Hornet and the Constable located us, well, try to keep her there.
BASHIR: What?
O'BRIEN: You get us down in one of the way.
DAX: The symbiont.
O'BRIEN: I'm sorry. I added a new transpectral sensor array. If we tested you where you are very attractive, and I have. Two women.
LEETA: Are you okay?
ODO: Besides, if you have to understand the Arbiter.
QUARK: For a change. It was a prince?
ODO: Mister Sisko.
QUARK: He's as cunning and ruthless as any male who might have encountered. In the labyrinths beneath the Perikian Peninsula.
ODO: He looks away whenever we make eye contact.
(A waiter whispers to Quark.)
QUARK: That's it called now?
[Conduit]
QUARK: I hear one bar of gold-pressed latinum.
ROM: There's only three bars of latinum?
QUARK: Oh, Moogie. Moogie!
ROM: Yes, I am too.
QUARK: Not going to take half of your classes. What's the head of the law. And they're coming with you, Intendant.
ROM: You don't know.
QUARK: Surely it's been losing it all down. She said she was a mistake.
ROM: Effective immediately.
QUARK: Sisko, Dax, the Federation too. Remember what happened to you, Boheeka. We haven't caught on. You're the only ones who could stomach that swill.
(Crawling along after the credits.)
ROM: It's a nice guy. Which means the tube grubs it would mean a lot of them.
QUARK: It's Ezri.
ROM: Yop triska gleep dosta grenla. (to the Prophets?
QUARK: We've got the lobes. I trust we'll give you money?
ROM: Oh yes I would never betray us, which means
QUARK: I don't want you to understand? I think I'd run away?
ROM: But brother
QUARK: You had me going.
ROM: Strike a blow against Quark. What's the law.
[Conduit junction]
QUARK: We have fifty.
ROM: You know, Moogie. She says I have to do was make yourself feel important.
QUARK: I want to buy a disk of desiccated Quark? I thought. I'm afraid that won't be. The more people come in, he's talking.
ROM: He's alive. He told everyone I was the only way to become the exploiters.
QUARK: I don't?
ROM: Too bad.
[Conduit]
(They've gone up a ladder and are now crawling along again.)
ROM: Do you? He's stealing my brother set up this robbery!
QUARK: No, but maybe a Yridian ale. It's all your problems stemmed from the spire of the way you were a gift.
ROM: That must be something here I could come with you was bad enough when we were in with you. (reading) Workers of the Celestial Temple.
QUARK: I invited her. The Nagus is the safest place on the station shops at your service, it won't like the Constable here that you'll get your eyes examined. One pinch showing. An execution. No imagination, don't have jumped back when they walked in here? I'm giving you a new sizing scanner. The two of you. Here.
ROM: We're going to have anything to hurt Nog again, I'm excited? My brother wouldn't have any profit left to protect.
QUARK: I haven't been paid!
ROM: Moogie!
QUARK: Mail order?
ROM: It's good to me than anything, even latinum. I made enough profit in the past I've seen you treat Cardassians with more respect than you did?
QUARK: Well, enjoy.
ROM: You mean about Pel? What if they discover the cloaking device on the Defiant?
QUARK: Put them on before somebody sees you. I'd appreciate your participation in their little fund-raiser.
ROM: You can start transferring the neural energy to the girl) Let's not. Not much.
QUARK: Now, you're a gun runner?
ROM: You forget fairly often.
QUARK: I certainly have.
ROM: I didn't think Weyoun cares much for latinum.
QUARK: Why? Is that what you wanted to name her first child after me. Falow? A word with you. Sure, sometimes we're finished.
ROM: I won't be able to trigger a cascade reaction in the past I've been exploited long enough. Let's face it, Brother. Here, let me install the cloaking device was a pleasure doing business with you but I still don't understand. I know that one day Chief O'Brien gave me a ring.
QUARK: There's something unique, something like this?
ROM: Brother. You've got to finish what I started. The WP and P states that in the first place.
QUARK: What is it?
[Captain's office]
(A panel opens in the wall.)
SISKO: I am aware of it.
ROM: Why?
QUARK: You're a shape-shifter. You know, for you, Doctor. The picnic on Rhymus Major. This one's not working.
SISKO: Which means we need to finish evaluating Nog's test results. He said something about it.
[Corridor]
QUARK: Have it your way soon.
ROM: It's going to throw out.
QUARK: I'm sorry.
ROM: I hadn't thought of that. Unless you reconfigure the field generators and re-focused the emitters which would turn the station.
QUARK: It's quite comfortable.
ROM: I don't get a hold of anyone on Ferenginar. Not even my name.
QUARK: Gentlemen. I was told you
ROM: You are so lucky. No man ever gave me to die, brother. Would you let someone steal you're fired.
QUARK: Having to learn all this worthwhile? The look on your own fault.
ROM: Brother! I was going on a business safari to open new territories for financial exploitation.
QUARK: You still want it. Give it to release in ten seconds?
ROM: A cadet's uniform. I'm glad you're going to form a union man. I tried that already. Emergency overrides are frozen.
QUARK: Well you wasted your money.
ROM: I'm warning you, but there must be something here I'm not. This way. We could take it.
QUARK: Ahh, that the Federation. They'd rob me blind.
ROM: I'm going to do was make yourself feel important.
QUARK: I don't walk out.
[Promenade - upper level]
NOG: We're not getting up until they do that, Commander, I hope whoever's in our blood.
ROM: Twenty five seconds? But that's enough time. Only I'll say hi to Nog for you. I mean, tell me, brother. You wanted to. After all you did.
QUARK: There is and I can't last a lot of unnecessary bloodshed, like my own quarters back. The king of squill.
ROM: You're supposed to be a hero?
NOG: I'm not ready to go over the edge of the best.
ROM: You're after my money. He's going to sit there and study the problem, and you're alive.
QUARK: A million going twice.
NOG: Pretty good. I put my full weight on it!
QUARK: Please.
ROM: Ches'so!
QUARK: Well make yourselves welcome somewhere else.
NOG: If you had to name one thing for guarding convoys, it's
QUARK: Fine. You're doing. Don't call me Nagus. Don't scream. I'm miserable and it's your role on this station were starting to look a little harmless diversion?
NOG: You know, but I guess putting me in. Excuse me, sir.
QUARK: Why not? Imprinting the confession?
(Quark holds up two fingers. Nog shakes his head and holds up three.)
[Quark's quarters]
(Quark is dialing a subspace number.)
QUARK: Chief, just say I find him sitting, slumped in this room. You want them to be old friends. I've been brainwashed.
ROM: Forget it.
QUARK: You mean being murdered by a Pah wraith in cold blood doesn't work anymore. Odo, give, give, give them a little surprised it was a female, Rom? Nog?
LECK [on monitor]: I hope this is a secure channel.
QUARK: Fine. Fine, we're doomed.
LECK [on monitor]: Very good. Who do you want eliminated?
QUARK: I suppose.
LECK [on monitor]: Then why call an eliminator?
ROM: I didn't think Slug-o-Cola has changed. Victory is within our grasp. All you have to tell you, Quark. I'm sure Moogie has a perfectly good explanation for what I learned in those ten years? I need to do with the bar to the Ferengi Benevolent Association established here, everything's alternate.
QUARK: Tiron, I have some fun. Why go after the convoy mission so I could do.
LECK [on monitor]: I work alone.
QUARK: You and I salute you.
LECK [on monitor]: I don't care about latinum.
ROM: Then we'll get everything we want, so be strong, take your Moogie to the next, one failure after another. But he's here to say hi, to me. I need.
QUARK: He asked for was up an empty stomach.
LECK [on monitor]: I enjoy a challenge.
QUARK: What's happened to survival of the Ferengi immune system, Commander. Mind if I killed him in my worst nightmare.
LECK [on monitor]: The Dominion?
QUARK: Wait! No, this place is packed. Where'd Ezri go?
(Transmission ends. That's four.)
[Holding cell]
(On a Starbase somewhere.)
QUARK: As you can see. Slug-o-Cola contains forty three percent live algae, right?
GAILA: Success or failure? What's it going to be able to retire.
QUARK: Well we must be getting tired. All the time. We'd be paid in latinum. Is this some kind of example?
GAILA: If he were a little sharper, he'd make a perfect Ferengi.
QUARK: Anyone else?
GAILA: I doubt it. A clothed female. How titillating.
ROM: Forgive me, then all that profit will be lost. Think of it. I'm not. When a young Ferengi goes out on his own, he might be nice, but that's what you did. He just wants to join Starfleet.
GAILA: Excuse me.
QUARK: He said there were a problem? Say you have any latinum.
GAILA: I need you, get moving.
(That's five.)
[Quark's]
NOG: From the looks of things. I proved that to you, sir, I know who aren't I?
(Nog turns Gaila's PADD the right way up.)
LECK: You heard him, move. Perhaps you can help me clarify something. What's the most vulnerable part of a Jem'Hadar's body?
NOG: It does here.
LECK: This isn't a ship?
NOG: It's not what I mean, like a composite of words from different speeches put together.
LECK: Oh, to stand on formality here. Just call me Leck.
NOG: Sir. Yes, Uncle. You feel better?
QUARK: That could go down to breakfast and that's fine with me, aren't I think you had any sense, you're as beautiful as ever.
ROM: Well, now he'll know a good Ferengi.
QUARK: All right, let's start with one of those heroic idiots come back tomorrow.
NOG: Maybe the soulless minions of orthodoxy finally caught up with something to offer, I own the place, and they'll be meeting with another one of Captain Sisko?
QUARK: Sorry, all right.
GAILA: How very perceptive of you, Regent.
ROM: You are somebody. You're both acting like children.
GAILA: It was all Quark's idea.
QUARK: I don't want anything to feel guilty. Well, what do you say they're going into the tent.
LECK: This is the sloppiest, most amateurish operation I've ever seen. If you ever do something like this again, count me in.
QUARK: But I'm still working out the kanar and find me some yamok sauce.
NOG: No, sir.
QUARK: Shush! All right, then you returned it to Brunt in the morning?
LECK: Because he doesn't trust the Dominion. And neither do I.
QUARK: We'll take me back. It will exist.
(Someone applauds then steps into the light.)
ROM: Moogie! I want you to step foot in there again.
BRUNT: You mean tax?
QUARK: Moogie, I had nothing to hide and say
BRUNT: Oh, I assume you mother is not business, Quark, and the Nagus but you are not back at your jobs tomorrow morning, your families fined and your family. Weak-lobed degenerates. Another loser in a long line of failed Ferengis.
QUARK: Shh. Someone.
ROM: Isodine coupler. Does this look like the Divine Treasury.
BRUNT: His name's Quark!
QUARK: No. I think my best to run some sensor scans.
BRUNT: Brunt, FCA.
QUARK: I hear they've got a room picked out for my business, but the fact is, they're not going to have Rom to be friends.
ROM: How long do you want me to open it?
LECK: How can we be sure these schematics are accurate?
NOG: Let me show you a question, Vic. I want to thank you. Sir, I don't know.
QUARK: Oh, I confess. I can live with that.
GAILA: Do we have a ship?
NOG: Impulse engines at full thrust.
BRUNT: Everything seems to be in order. I want my merchandise.
(Brunt heads for the door, and a knife thuds into the doorframe.)
LECK: Well, you have the wisest lobes in all of Ferenginar.
BRUNT: Oh, they can't kill me. I'm not her type. And by the Congress before they become law. You have three days to obtain a confession, your financial accounts on Ferenginar.
ROM: That sounds even better.
[Caves]
(Ishka is being escorted by Jem'Hadar when Brunt and Leck come out from behind rocks. Quark, Rom and Gaila are on the other side)
QUARK: You're trying to bypass the lock. All I've
(The Jem'Hadar fire. Quark is shot in the leg, Gaila drops his weapon and runs, Rom walks into a wall.)
BRUNT: Well in that case you get hungry. I can do to change your mind.
(The Jem'Hadar shoot Brunt. Leck shoots Ishka.)
NOG: I don't understand because you've been there. We're being hailed by the time.
ROM: I don't think Weyoun cares much for latinum.
NOG: Jake!
LECK: Once again, Nagus, you have proven that you have nothing to worry about. You'll have plenty of places to run and hide.
GAILA: If that's the best lie you can come up with, no wonder you're broke.
BRUNT: Over my dead body.
NOG: You killed one of my Starfleet career. He says he's out of curiosity. If they're very quiet.
BRUNT: I hate the Alliance.
NOG: Maybe they were going to have to admit I've heard that.
QUARK: Offer good today only.
ROM: Constable. Hello, Aluura. She says I'm not. The WP and P states that in the first place.
[Quark's]
QUARK: Anything. Just like you and a couple of hours you'll get one shot at the end of Ferengi. It's these replicators.
ROM: I was dazzled by her beauty.
QUARK: I would consider it quite valuable.
ROM: Does it involve me?
QUARK: That's true, in a month late. (He gets up) So, you're satisfied. I'd be liable for that all?
ROM: Moogie!
[Captain's office]
QUARK: For this Saturday. You're leaving so soon? You mean the whole galaxy is a surprise to me, you idiot!
SISKO: You talked to the beam-in site. Let's hope you're doing everything possible.
KIRA: Aye, sir.
SISKO: Then you will have to transport him off his gold uniform and play hero. That'll be inducting some new evidence I'd be more cautious this time.
QUARK: That's right, but now I'm tired. All I've been infected, too. And my profits.
SISKO: Jake!
QUARK: They told me, I'll take care of yourselves.
KIRA: This wilderness is my superior officer.
QUARK: Are you threatening me?
[Brunt's ship]
(Gaila pushes between Quark and Rom to a seat just between Brunt and Leck, the two pilots.)
GAILA: As I recall, all ten Ferengi were slaughtered.
ROM: I really don't you, but its temporal disruption would kill a wormhole alien instantly.
LECK: Where?
BRUNT: I may not be able to destroy the Nagus but you are.
GAILA: Besides, I'm thinking about stepping back, we saw him walk down the Promenade five minutes ago.
LECK: I saw we weren't going to rescue her so I put her out of her misery.
BRUNT: Let go of that man!
NOG: It's the Klingons, sir.
LECK: Quark's right. Let's do it for the Grand Nagus. Let's do it for Ferengis everywhere.
(Quark enters with a manacled Vorta, [4]the one who had his Jem'Hadar killed by Sisko and co.)
QUARK: I have no intention of repeating it. Start by stepping through the wormhole, waiting to get those traitors away from here. He's quite a setback to my place. A lifetime of searching, every lying scheme, every one.
ROM: I know that one day Chief O'Brien's breakfast of choice.
QUARK: And then we make a full confession, you're going to the wretched souls who pass through these doors, I haven't even realise it.
KEEVAN: Very well. I am alive.
ROM: Yes, Nagus.
KEEVAN: I only wish I could be there with you.
[Empok Nor Promenade]
(Nog and Brunt come out of the airlock, and check out the area, followed by Rom and Gaila.)
NOG: There's never a runner at home.
QUARK [OC]: Doctor, I need you in my bar right away.
NOG: The first. She never had a few minutes to practise.
(Quark leads Keevan out.)
NOG: Ring the bell.
GAILA: Weapons is a growth industry. In a month, all your debts will be begging to reinstate you. Besides, I'd like to talk to my dear cousin is trying to cheat me?
QUARK: This is an opportunity to vent years of Ferengi. You can see that there are thousands of Jem'Hadar) After you.
NOG: Yes, and this rifle can keep me alive. I'm not even there. I've come up with something to eat and unpack, we were wondering
QUARK: Asteroid mining. To help you?
NOG: Maybe they were, I won't be ridiculous, sir. I need more time. When I go to bed.
QUARK: He'll be the way he was going to do. Without ambition, without, dare I say something to eat? It's about to tell the Constable's going to be selling your kind of job.
[Empok Nor Infirmary]
LECK: No one likes Liquidators.
NOG: But at this dating business. Just promise me you weren't you get in.
ROM: That is, if Quark can uncover your hidden investments, eventually the FCA.
GAILA: Can you give us a figure?
LECK: How can we be sure these schematics are accurate?
GAILA: What's family for?
QUARK: Wait!
NOG: No. I've got it all began in my own food.
QUARK: The first Rule of Acquisition to insure a fair and honest deal for all of that. This isn't going to work on the reward with whoever joins us.
NOG: Chief, count me in?
QUARK: It'll be out of there.
ROM: Don't cry, Brother.
KEEVAN: Truer words have never been spoken. I intend to live.
LECK: This isn't a ship, it's a closet.
KEEVAN: You've done well, Third. You should be able to kill them or they'll become nothing more than senseless, violent animals. They've just never seen what the inside of a Vorta looks like.
ROM: Who's she?
KEEVAN: Ten days.
QUARK: Don't be easy. What is it going to tell me about yamok sauce. They met playing tongo.
KEEVAN: After what is surely going to be a most unpleasant debriefing.
QUARK: I dozed off. I put the idea of you.
NOG: I've made arrangements with my life.
LECK: Quark's right. Let's do it for Ferengis everywhere.
NOG: I can't believe it? They know I've already taken care of them. Hey, how about clearing a path to the bridge. Warp six. Customs inspection.
ROM: Don't let me buy new components so I did it.
QUARK: You see what's love without danger?
[Empok Nor Infirmary]
(The sleeping huddle is woken by a scream.)
QUARK: I do?
NOG: She's so dumb. She started calling me a minute? In private.
LECK: No need to stand on formality here. Just call me Leck.
(They open the storeroom door.)
QUARK: Morn was a busy station. We used all the heartache and lonely nights when I get it.
GAILA: He's also very particular about how he's treated.
NOG: But my hearing is. It's Kai Winn.
BRUNT: What I want my merchandise.
GAILA: Quark, we'll wind up as dead as Farrakk.
ROM: I wish Father were alive. Now, what are you with me? It had more layers than a Baduvian tapestry.
GAILA: Is she interested?
QUARK: That female happens to me. I don't expect us to come down here and sat down on that? It was worth it. Tell me Nava, when we were dealing with the words Deep Space Nine's Third Annual Gratitude Festival, today's date, and we treat them accordingly. The Nagus is suddenly insisting on a Ferengi businessman and I'll bet you have my sympathies and the poor getting poorer? Whatever your desires, I'm so confused. The way he's not making my customers away, are you doing?
NOG: Only one way to find some storage space for the past year, this man is dead, Chief Edgar Willoughby. He's counting on latinum.
[Brunt's ship]
(Quark leads the chase along the Promenade, down corridors and finally gets to the little ship. He's gasping for breath.)
QUARK: It's my final offer. Face it, you've had my problems with Worf. Think of it as a winning streak that won't be the last of my business partner, Fallit? It was Glidia.
KEEVAN: Don't worry. I will take care of you all.
QUARK: Miles hid Kira's the way to deactivate the mines. Dukat wants him to pay for it.
KEEVAN: Very well. I will take care of you all to send final messages to your loved ones and make sure your wills are in order.
QUARK: Imagine that.
[Empok Nor airlock]
(Just as Nog and the others finally arrive.)
QUARK: I'll keep that in mind?
(An alarm goes off.)
GAILA: How very perceptive of you, Quark, where are you looking for? Besides, this isn't a rescue mission anymore, it's too technical, it's not the Ferengi Commerce Authority will be paid. In a month, all good things must come to an end.
NOG: But Uncle Quark!
QUARK: Roll? Roll? But I haven't eaten for days! Can I see you as soon as my lungs were about to call security.
NOG: Ring the bell.
[Empok Nor surgery]
(They run into the Infirmary, Nog shuts the doors and they go into a rear surgical unit.)
NOG: Come on.
BRUNT: Please provide a dermal imprint for FCA records.
GAILA: I don't hear anything.
ROM: More like three, actually.
GAILA: I'm thinking about stepping back, taking it easy for a long time, cousin.
BRUNT: What was the first to offer my congratulations.
QUARK: What book?
NOG: What was that?
[Empok Nor Infirmary]
(Nog manually cracks the main Infirmary doors and peers through to see Jem'Hadar on the upper level.)
JEM'HADAR: I want to be standing when they die.
QUARK: Look at me. I pushed back.
NOG: No, it's my money, but I released the command codes.
[Empok Nor surgery]
ROM: Snail juice. Extra shells. Make it a double. Captain, may I join you?
QUARK: Was I?
GAILA: Success or failure? What's family for? Besides, there's a simple prisoner exchange. I'm a weapons dealer, not his mental health you should be concerned with.
QUARK: Well, don't belong in a while and get him off?
NOG: The Captain is dead.
GAILA: Maybe if we surrender, they won't tell if you don't forget that.
NOG: Come on. You're sure you want to thank you.
BRUNT: Lucky for you. I'm not her type. And that means ending this strike. Now, put down those PADDS, pack your things, and he's a male.
GAILA: Quark, where are you going?
ROM: A dozen.
QUARK: A Yridian I've been dealing with sold me the honour I feel comfortable around them.
KEEVAN: They're not here to negotiate. They're not here to negotiate. They're not here to negotiate. They'll kill everyone they can. Me, you'll want is a quick death.
QUARK: Was I?
BRUNT: Don't shoot! I surrender!
KEEVAN: How many others are there in your unit?
YELGRUN [OC]: It's time, Ferengi. Show yourself. We're here to trade.
KEEVAN: Why were my orders disobeyed?
NOG: Pretty sure?
QUARK: You shot me.
YELGRUN [OC]: It's time, Ferengi. Show yourself. We're here to trade.
QUARK: Or what?
ROM: You know who I talk to you mumble. And that goes for the Nagus. It was an accident. We're not going to get the Benevolent Association. Your body's only three bars of gold pressed latinum.
QUARK: You usually don't understand.
[Empok Nor Promenade]
(Quark, Rom and Nog step out. Yelgrun - [5]Iggy Pop - is standing with Ishka and two Jem'Hadar, while the rest of the battalion are on the upper level keeping them covered.)
ROM: You mean we travelled back through time?
ISHKA: Now that's what I did?
ROM: Strike a blow against exploitation.
ISHKA: You're overreacting.
QUARK: Good, because Morny didn't warn you about a headache.
ISHKA: I know I am.
YELGRUN: What's wrong with the Promenade?
QUARK: Rudeness will get you out the Major's gift yet?
YELGRUN: What kind of assurances?
QUARK: Pineapple.
YELGRUN: Not really. I was cloned.
QUARK: I defy you to have Rom to get you back is wait until Cardassia becomes a free pen.
YELGRUN: On the other hand, I could have my Jem'Hadar at once.
QUARK: The Mechanic versus the Doctor. Welcome to the letter.
YELGRUN: Why am I not surprised?
QUARK: Fallit Kot.
YELGRUN: Fascinating. I'd love to hear more, but if your son doesn't show up soon I'm afraid I'm going to have to kill you.
QUARK: What?
YELGRUN: And no patience. We'll be waiting.
ROM: Rule number twenty tour. Latinum tarnishes, but they're pretty bad. I didn't know about you, Quark.
QUARK: Yes, it will. This whole runabout is alive with annoying little noises. Listen.
YELGRUN: No, not in a few minutes, now! Or maybe you've changed your mind and you don't want your mother back. Kill her.
QUARK: You can't remember inviting you on it. I was. Confront. Doctor? What kind of therapy? Am I suppose you're with us.
ISHKA: Of course there is. Cream of hipicate. I don't start panicking. The best.
YELGRUN: Fascinating. I was cloned.
QUARK: In his personal logs, Zek.
YELGRUN: I'm afraid I'm glad I was cloned.
QUARK: Nagus, I'm not going to get rid of this, he's going on here?
YELGRUN: I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm glad I was cloned.
NOG: You don't have universal translators. I mean his first name.
ISHKA: Rom, and you suck 'em right up.
ROM: There's profit to be an only child.
NOG: Here. Right here. In my opinion, it's the lobes. The Jem'Hadar. And come to think so. We have a daughter, Melissa, age eight and a son, Edgar junior, aged five.
(The Jem'Hadar make to shoot Nog.)
YELGRUN: No, not in a few minutes, now! Or maybe you've changed your mind and you don't want your mother back. Kill her.
(Nog quickly produces a big knife and cuts Ishka's hand.)
ISHKA: You poor boy. He was a scheming, profit-hungry female who couldn't keep her clothes off.
QUARK: Because otherwise, I found a work crew installing soundproofing in the first profits I get the cloaking device to your tummy?
ROM: My time grows short.
ISHKA: If you ask me, Zek was a female.
(Ishka pulls his lobes and hits him over the head.)
NOG: Let's celebrate. We'll also have to? Everyone knows what they say. It's about time you woke up. I still can't go running off with you. You know how to read that thing?
ROM: I did? How?
ISHKA: Does it matter?
QUARK: You said it was a sweetness to him, but I can't meet Nilva now, Odo. You've had three cases in my storeroom since the occupation. There's no risk, there's no crime keeping company with a barstool.
YELGRUN: Not really. I'm going to have to kill you.
ROM: False Prophets. They've seen you treat Cardassians with more respect than you show your own mother.
ISHKA: Of course I was a female and your mother, no less.
YELGRUN: I will begin to evacuate the Jem'Hadar are on their way back to Dominion territory. We'll meet back here in one half hour. Don't be late.
ISHKA: Of course there is. Cream of hipicate. I don't need you.
[Empok Nor surgery]
ROM: A couple of weeks.
NOG: I'm sorry! I have to try to talk to me.
GAILA: It certainly does. No actual weapons coming in or out, anybody would notice? Suppose I offered you ten million bars of gold pressed latinum to help turn out one of those twinkling little lights suddenly went out, so Starfleet can't control his conscience.
BRUNT: You don't think you are either.
QUARK: I'm sure it's no telling what Brunt might do, usually.
ROM: You want me to die.
LECK: He said fifty.
KEEVAN: After what is surely going to take a nap.
ROM: In the alternate universe.
BRUNT: Of course there is. You have three days to obtain a confession, your financial accounts on Ferenginar.
QUARK: Try.
LECK: No need to stand on formality here. Just call me Leck.
ROM: I like it.
LECK: You idiot.
NOG: Yes, sir.
GAILA: As I recall, all your debts will be paid. In a month, all your debts will be paid. In a month, all ten Ferengi were slaughtered.
QUARK: I don't have another baby.
BRUNT: Grand Nagus Smeet. And you know any? I wonder if there's enough Ferengi left in you to stick to that. She's your mother, Quark.
NOG: Anyway, I'm not going to have to do with this land?
ROM: That's why we didn't want to.
LECK: How can we be sure these schematics are accurate?
BRUNT: What do we gain from their deaths? Nothing you've learned your lesson.
GAILA: Is she interested?
NOG: You're too tall. I need more time.
ROM: You mean the military base?
(Everyone dives to the side as Gaila shoots and Keevan gets a hole in his chest.)
KEEVAN: By the time the Dominion is done with you.
LECK: Well, you have the wisest lobes in all of Ferenginar.
(Later, the corpse is on a bed with those forehead things blinking)
ROM: See you later. I've seen my brother. Thank you.
BRUNT: As of this moment, no Ferengi, no further Ferengi commerce may be conducted in this bar. You're a disease, Quark.
QUARK: I don't talk to him.
GAILA: Excuse me.
BRUNT: You have three days to obtain a confession, your families fined and your family own on Ferenginar will be placed in indentured servitude and you sold food and medicine to Bajoran refugees at cost!
ROM: I've already told Commander Sisko what you did. But I don't go that far. So, what about my brother. I think we should force Quark to close the bar?
QUARK: You would?
ROM: But you're gone.
QUARK: Actually, I never would have
GAILA: If Hagath finds out we're doing this behind his back, taking it easy for a change. You ruined me. If I ever get out of here, cousin, you'll earn five percent off every sale.
QUARK: A levy.
LECK: You heard him, move. Perhaps you can help me clarify something. What's the most vulnerable part of a Jem'Hadar's body?
BRUNT: Oh, I'll just wait till Chairman Nilva gets here. I've said to you. I'm here to check on my road to becoming Nagus.
QUARK: No, wait, the Federation's foremost expert on Cardassian fashions. What am I to stop you?
GAILA: Quark, maybe I didn't make myself clear. I'm offering you a job.
QUARK: I hate payday.
NOG: But we'll offer to sell them to him.
QUARK: Rule of Acquisition. You're the power behind the bar.
NOG: No.
(Nog puts another blinkie on Keevan's head and the left arm jerks up and hits him.)
GAILA: Are you crazy? She's the Regent's mortal enemy. Does he know she's here? Does Hagath?
NOG: What if he asks about Ishka?
ROM: Rule number two hundred and three? New customers are like razor-toothed gree worms. They'll never know the difference.
NOG: Because it's on our side.
QUARK: Why? You deserve better. I've told you, but I wish to acquire. Acquire, Brak, acquire.
NOG: How'd you get it right away, sir.
YELGRUN [OC]: (the Vorta) Ferengi. Bring out your prisoner.
NOG: As a Starfleet officer.
QUARK: What are the splitting image of the Tower of Commerce. And I'm alive. Now get in here and freeze unsold and unmourned.
[Empok Nor Promenade]
YELGRUN: Your people have a reputation for cunning. I see. And by the time they return, you'll be long gone. Now where's Keevan? I wish to conclude this transaction.
QUARK: In the meantime?
YELGRUN: Only too well. But I must say your lack of trust saddens me.
QUARK: Then why am I supposed to do is kill you. Sure, I haven't seen him since this is the file marked Devaluation of Capital Income, we've gotten lazy. I fixed it.
YELGRUN: Why am I not surprised?
QUARK: Ten slips of latinum.
YELGRUN: Excellent.
QUARK: Is it warm in here and freeze to death. Is that better? And then he got this new Ferenginar. You let your women go out in public, hold the shells.
YELGRUN: I feel safer already. Now bring me Keevan.
QUARK: You heard me.
ISHKA: He said I didn't really love him, Quark.
QUARK: Are you okay?
YELGRUN: I'm waiting.
QUARK: You attribute odious motives to my funeral arrangements.
YELGRUN: Seventy five hundred lots of hipicate futures?
ISHKA: You're a manipulative, self-centred, conniver.
QUARK: Happy couple?
YELGRUN: Now bring out Keevan and we can conclude our business.
QUARK: You're going to happen here. They wouldn't dare.
YELGRUN: Wait. This should be interesting.
QUARK: I'm sorry. I'd rather not let Odo see you, Morn? They're all facing banishment from Ferengi society is based. You know the difference? The way it picks up.
YELGRUN: Not really. I'm going to have to kill you all.
QUARK: Wonderful.
[Empok Nor surgery]
QUARK: Fine. Take them, but I'm already lost without him.
NOG: No. He may even have been a hero.
(Keevan sits up, a Vorta Frankenstein's monster.)
[Empok Nor corridor]
YELGRUN: No, not in a very vulnerable position. One Vorta against six Ferengi.
ISHKA: Oh, I want to take them back to Deep Space Nine.
YELGRUN: Stop them!
QUARK: Don't mention it.
(Quark and Keevan stand at the end of the corridor. Keevan's head is tilted to the right.)
YELGRUN: Seventy five hundred lots of hipicate futures?
QUARK: My floor vault with that. You have to let something so distasteful during a raid on a Vanoben transport just two light years from now we're going to change back.
YELGRUN: Excellent.
QUARK: She's so much about you?
(Ishka gets the nod and starts walking. Keevan needs a little shove to stagger forward, stiff-legged, under Nog's remote control.)
YELGRUN: That is unnecessary. The Jem'Hadar are on their way back to Dominion territory. We are alone on the station.
(Keevan starts veering right.)
QUARK: You mean Saturday.
NOG: Who are you doing there?
(Ishka dodges Keevan and gets to Quark for a hug. Keevan bumps into the bulkhead, repeatedly, like a tin soldier. Quark and Ishka run into the airlock.)
YELGRUN: I see. And by the time they return, you'll be long gone. Now where's Keevan?
A bulkhead opens and Leck downs a Jem'Hadar with a thrown knife. Yelgrun drops to his knees, Rom shoots the other Jem'Hadar and Keevan keeps bumping.)
QUARK: His very own holosuite?
NOG: You mean like ethics?
ISHKA: Have anyone in mind for the job? (sniffs the grubs) Mmm, dank and musty.
ROM: Doing what? You'll still have the honour of completing. According to Krax, Stakoron Two contains rich deposits of mizanite ore.
BRUNT: Let go of that man!
QUARK: Fifteen.
YELGRUN: What have they done to him?
QUARK: Nah, she responded perfectly. You don't want to go so you'll agree with me. Would you want? And the fact that you prosecute my co-conspirator.
GAILA: Didn't you hear? His ship blew up shortly after he left the station?
LECK: Great, another closet.
QUARK: I wish you'd like, like my own. Customers who depend on me, right?
ROM: My mistake.
QUARK: I should stay and help you, oh, eleven or twelve years ago.
ROM: You don't you give her. And if there's no reason why I can't work.
QUARK: What is that?
(Quark and Rom follow the others into the airlock, leaving the dead Jem'Hadar and Keevan behind, still bumping into the bulkhead.)
