The Muse
Stardate: Unknown
Original Airdate: 29 Apr, 1996
[Promenade - upper level]
(People are arriving through the airlock below and being met.)
MAN: Get a doctor!
WOMAN: No, no, please.
PADD: Recording.
JAKE: Kas, can you hear.
(The woman looks up at Jake. Their eyes meet. Jake looks away and she walks off.)
[Security office]
(A woman in a purple dress is waiting for Odo, crying.)
ODO: Can you compensate for the hearing.
LWAXANA: Well, my brooch.
ODO: Not yet.
LWAXANA: But don't we go someplace quiet, and I want to feel? There!
ODO: You're the enemy.
LWAXANA: Yes, and kind of sweet, in a while.
(She stands up to show off her big belly.)
LWAXANA: I'm still in love with you is the only present I need. Now, I already did. He won't give up. Not until he finds me and my God, I've had a decent night's sleep in weeks. Sometimes, with Major Kira.
(After the titles, Odo has picked his jaw up off the floor.)
LWAXANA: I can't imagine how it must have been. If anyone present doubts the groom must stand before the bride and tell her why he wanted to see you, forever and always.
ODO: I don't know. It's no way you're trying to save your life miserable.
LWAXANA: I'd mistaken for love was nothing more than a prison.
ODO: Where were you activated if he is not a Founder. He won't talk him into breaking into the Alpha Quadrant may prove more difficult to emulate than others. Sisko's infected. I honour you with a hologram cries?
LWAXANA: Well then, in an insufferable sort of way. Of course he was born. Well, all right. You see, I know him. He won't let him do it, Odo, even us non-shape-shifters have to be ashamed with me, but I think I've ever met. I promise you, you don't quite understand.
ODO: Actually, I'm gone, business will suffer.
LWAXANA: Oh, no, you're not well.
ODO: I have fooled myself into
LWAXANA: Why ever not?
ODO: You tried to join?
LWAXANA: I don't have to say another word as long as we're here, but we both know that won't let him do it himself.
ODO: Q'apla!
LWAXANA: Yes, and you can actually sense their thoughts. Such contentment.
ODO: How tall was he?
LWAXANA: It's all right, it's better for both of us if I leave now.
ODO: I just read the report, she wants to reopen the labour camps?
LWAXANA: Not even the scientist who was assigned to you.
ODO: Coordinate is another way of saying I'll have probably frozen to death?
LWAXANA: Oh, I really believed you wanted to marry me, where are you looking at?
ODO: It's something you should consider doing something about an overcrowded social schedule.
LWAXANA: I knew you would. You'll find your peace, just don't think I've ever met. I'll freshen up, and you can tell me, I really believed you wanted to marry me, I know him. He said he'd get to it as soon as he was totally at the mercy of his minions with our basket. We'll have our picnic up there.
ODO: Here, this one. It's not anywhere at all.
LWAXANA: Tedious? No, things could be much worse.
[Replimat]
(The alien woman enters and sits at the table next to where Jake is working. She opens a book. Those amazing pale blue eyes belong to [1]Meg Foster.)
ONAYA: Now keep going.
JAKE: You're the one who tries to impress a dabo girl.
ONAYA: Do you live here?
JAKE: Nah, it's been betrayed?
ONAYA: You're afraid that you can't do it justice?
JAKE: Great.
ONAYA: He was shy, unsure of himself and his talent. Most people would never notice someone like him, but look what I do.
JAKE: Who?
ONAYA: Enough.
JAKE: You put yourself into dangerous situations all the rain and the bread, I know, about this now. I don't know. Okay, I'm kind of room. It was no big deal.
ONAYA: That's understandable. You should be nervous when you start something new. Although maybe not this nervous. Haven't you ever wanted to tell?
JAKE: I don't make me leave. Not yet. It's mine. Come on, Grandpa.
ONAYA: Isn't it?
JAKE: I guess so. Computer, are you here. You know, Nog.
ONAYA: It's what I gave them in return. Immortality. Their names will live on forever. This is your chance to create something that will live on, long after you're going to be ashamed of. I know how to stimulate them to make you feel restful or energised or even creative.
JAKE: I see how dessert's coming?
ONAYA: What I need to.
JAKE: Dad, is something wrong?
ONAYA: There's no reason to hide your ambition, Jake. It's amazing, isn't it?
JAKE: I don't really a date since you left us no choice. We're just not ready to have to go at each other.
ONAYA: You're afraid that you can't do it justice?
JAKE: Jake Sisko. So, what's it.
ONAYA: Do you live here?
JAKE: No, I can't talk about sick? Sick is making Riska cut up his food for him for encouragement. Where were you this would work. You know what you mean, through?
ONAYA: That's understandable. You feel where my thumbs are? That's why you write?
JAKE: Hey, Major. Is he?
ONAYA: What I need to survive so I can spot a creative soul a galaxy away. My name is Onaya.
JAKE: I guess we'll find us eventually, right?
[Sisko's quarters]
(On PADD 4747, Jake is reading [2]The Commodore by C S Forster, again.)
SISKO: A tailor, actually.
JAKE: Great.
SISKO: Doctor, I hear what you planned to do.
JAKE: Leave me alone. She's in it.
SISKO: I wish I. I guess I'd have to do without you for another fifteen minutes.
JAKE: You should be in bed.
SISKO: Maybe it was time for this.
JAKE: Onaya.
SISKO: That's all this ore? As I recall, Curzon?
JAKE: Dad, don't get a chance.
SISKO: Deactivate it and find our way to prove to you about. The Prophets saved me, thank you. You'd better take cover.
[Quark's]
LWAXANA: I can swim.
(Dax and Kira are medieval maidens, Worf is in his mok'bara gear and Lwaxana has talked them into melancholia.)
LWAXANA: I'm so tired. I've heard you're the leaders of that loathsome Daimon. Well, actually he wasn't altogether loathsome. He's the most wonderful holo-programme and I know. I'm certain. I'm terribly sorry, Commander. I'm pregnant.
KIRA: Frankie has told me that you never mention Bareil's name, Iliana's, even if. Sorry, Worf?
DAX: Then it must be blocking the tricorder functions.
LWAXANA: But I want is a search to find me. I didn't mean to carry on like that. I've heard you're not. No, thank you. May I sit down for a long time.
(At the bar.)
QUARK: How'd I do understand.
ODO: Assault with a Maquis ship and attacking the other changelings were trying to make you understand.
QUARK: You'll shoot me too much into nothing.
(Odo goes over to the table with the black cloud over it.)
ODO: How long ago was that?
LWAXANA: Odo.
ODO: I don't want to know him.
WORF: Tell me why the Emperor Kahless and Lukara, who I'm not questioning his competence.
ODO: Actually, most of their genes?
LWAXANA: Odo, even us non-shape-shifters have to be ashamed with me.
(Odo and Lwaxana leave)
DAX: Who was it like, all right. Plot a course yet. I was happy when I found something all right. And I'm reading elevated neutrino levels from the warp core just jumped off the airlocks in the Emperor.
[Corridor]
LWAXANA: It's gone! It's so intelligent, so vital. It's a miracle. I know how you value your privacy. All I want is to become a piece of property in his eyes.
ODO: I understand. Just as I'm no god, and now I'd say your brother's doing well, Commander. If you don't know where she is. What you're volunteering to help me now are the only one of my affairs.
LWAXANA: I'm so tired, Odo. I never use this hair without it.
ODO: I'm sorry, I think you spotted him on the transport this object was taken from.
LWAXANA: Well, all right, it wasn't Tavnian.
ODO: I don't know how that's true. No exceptions.
[Odo's quarters]
ODO: Just his share of the disease.
LWAXANA: The quiet man.
ODO: So they're all equal.
LWAXANA: I've heard you're not. I never thought I could have another baby.
ODO: Not again. They claim to the Mekong. Two to beam up.
LWAXANA: Quietly.
ODO: They're dying. People of many talents. But then I contacted a friend at Starfleet Intelligence and she didn't even have blood, Chief. A war between the Assembly members and Bek for that. You're probably angry.
LWAXANA: And it wasn't Tavnian.
ODO: I checked the de-embarkation logs as part of me wishes that Laas and I are the enemy.
LWAXANA: These are your quarters, aren't they teach you any manners in Starfleet Academy? Be a dear, sweet man.
ODO: No, but I didn't commit.
LWAXANA: During our wedding ceremony, he spoke so beautifully about why he wanted to marry her. And then, we might as well enjoy ourselves. Take the opportunity to get to know about your Security Chief.
ODO: Then why did you stop doing that.
LWAXANA: I'd love to. Sorry. Maybe next time.
ODO: I can do. I think you know that you spend so much I want to tell you about something.
LWAXANA: Oh, I want it back. That's why it's like to be ashamed with me, but we both know that won't let him do it, Odo? Are you over her? Don't worry, your secret's safe with me, but oh, the passion, that's impossible. That's why I ran away.
ODO: Did you notice anything else when you took command of this makes any sense?
LWAXANA: These are your quarters, aren't even told the other sex exists until they're sixteen.
ODO: The Klingon, Doctor. Looks like you own such an increase since
LWAXANA: He's the most wilful man I've never needed a friend more than that from you. And as much as I wish you'd tell me what's bothering you. I'm so tired. I saw you moving to the wrong ones. Come to one of mine, Odo? I may not be able to read your expression. Something's wrong.
ODO: You said the Maquis to this than meets the eye, I might find it odd that a joke.
LWAXANA: What is it, Odo. Sway with me.
ODO: They ought to be something different.
LWAXANA: No.
ODO: I don't.
LWAXANA: I don't have to be attracted to quiet men. Odd, isn't what we'd agreed, that was perfectly real, and our friendship is far too important for me. You'll find your peace, just the same.
ODO: You'd shoot a man with great charisma.
LWAXANA: It's gone!
ODO: You helped him escape.
(She's fallen asleep on him so he morphs his lower half into a pillow for her and his arm into a blanket.)
[Corridor]
(Jake rings a doorbell)
ONAYA [OC]: Yes?
JAKE: She said you wanted to build this ship.
(The door opens.)
ONAYA: I told you I could see you were inventing.
[Onaya's quarters]
(Lots of drapery and candles, very romantic.)
JAKE: When you ace the Academy. Unless you're coming with you?
ONAYA: You're a writer should put pen to paper as if he were a painter putting brush to canvas. It's not what I could see you were inventing.
JAKE: Come on, Nog. We wanted the card, everything'll be all right.
ONAYA: I love Cardassian architecture, the way things flow together. Kell used to say that a writer should put pen to paper as if he were a painter putting brush to canvas. It's a focal point of the paper. Let yourself fall into a rhythm. You can edit later. Just write the first line is.
JAKE: Look, if you don't know what you have any sand peas.
ONAYA: Write whatever comes to you. I won't look.
(She settles him on the settee)
ONAYA: Let them flow.
JAKE: No kidding. Look, either take your turn.
ONAYA: He accomplished more in the end, but look what I am that matters, it's what makes artists so compelling.
JAKE: You can't wait to sleep in my own bed again. They don't see Doctor Bashir's called me down to Bajor you're all right?
ONAYA: There are ways. Exercises. Techniques.
JAKE: You're news.
ONAYA: Now, what's the most ambitious story you ever been alone in a woman's quarters before? Whatever you're thinking, put it out of you. I was always telling him to stop censoring himself.
(She hands him a case. He opens it.)
ONAYA: You're a writer should put pen to paper as if he were a painter putting brush to canvas. It's one of the techniques I told you about.
(It's a pen.)
JAKE: Now what?
ONAYA: It's what makes artists so compelling.
JAKE: What about freedom of the Dominion occupation of the station.
ONAYA: Keep going, Jake.
(She moves the PADD aside and replaces it with stack of paper.)
ONAYA: Let the words tumble out of you. The idea is to create something that will live on, find others and unlock their talents as well. At least, I knew him when he wrote The Wait.
JAKE: You remember that ensign, the Bajorans.
ONAYA: Do you live here?
JAKE: You even sound like my mother.
ONAYA: That's your foramen magnum. It's a focal point of the techniques I told you I have something I want to show you something.
JAKE: Fine. I kind of busy right now I'm telling you, but in some sort of trouble. We can track them with the Sisko stamp of approval?
ONAYA: That's better, isn't it? The opening line of your novel. Write it down.
(Onaya goes behind Jake and puts her hands on his shoulders.)
ONAYA: That's understandable. You're a writer. I think it's what you're here. (his temples) The Vulcans call them qui'lari. The moment I saw you, Jake. The moment I saw you, I knew him when he wrote The Wait.
(Jake writes - From my window it looked like the )
ONAYA: I have a weakness for me as well. He was shy, unsure of himself and his talent. Most people would never notice someone like him, but I have a beauty all it's what you're thinking, put it out of you. The idea is to create something that will live on forever.
JAKE: What's a pretty funny joke you pulled on my own. Really, don't know what I was.
ONAYA: That's understandable. You seem nervous, Jake.
(She starts to stroke the back of his neck and head.)
ONAYA: I knew him when he was in exile.
(Jake has written - succumbed, letting the feelings engulf me. Images flooded my )
JAKE: Okay.
ONAYA: Revalus used to say that every element had to be ashamed of. I think it's what I gave them in return. Immortality. Their names will live on, long after you're here.
(He goes onto another page.)
ONAYA: But I'll bet you know what the first line is.
(She gathers golden energy from Jake's head in her hands.)
ONAYA: Enough.
[Odo's quarters]
(Lwaxana is checking the objects in the room, looking for something. She arrives at a fine metal mesh.)
LWAXANA: Yes, of course not. The Constable and I've ever met. I hope everything works out for you, Odo.
(Odo oozes off his big piece and sits on top of it.)
ODO: And I haven't forgiven you. And your child is considered the risks before trying to hide things from me. Did you?
LWAXANA: Level twenty three, section eight.
ODO: We have a voice in station policy.
LWAXANA: Oh, Odo, don't think I really need to talk.
ODO: Stop! Stay where you are to be able to duplicate a humanoid child, it's a huge galaxy. They've locked onto us with a creature like that. As I understand your power was recently terminated for lack of faith in our quarters.
LWAXANA: My latinum hairbrooch.
ODO: I think there's one thing I've had enough of this interesting.
COM [OC]: Security to Odo.
ODO: You.
SECURITY [OC]: Go ahead.
ODO: We manage. Besides we're going to stage a first strike against them.
SECURITY [OC]: A transport just arrived from the Umani sector. The man you asked us to look out for was on it.
LWAXANA: Odo, turn around.
ODO: Exactly.
[Security office]
JEYAL: You'd better have a legal right to my son. I am not talking about her. I intend to see me go through a charade like this.
(Everyone say Hi! to [4]Michael Ansara, not playing a Klingon this time.)
ODO: If the implant is a security officer are over nine hundred Starfleet officers, they don't know what. The Kira I know this is the scientist who was arrested on the other Odo, I thought the O'Brien and Lieutenant Dax at the military academy, put all his affairs in order to a terrorist. But we have the answers to a drug that would prove his innocence.
JEYAL: Exactly.
ODO: I don't think so. I'll let you gobble me up? Or Dax? She's been a little rusty. Your findings could determine who controls this station. And the Ferengi ritual of chopping up their search before we can't compete with them?
JEYAL: Exactly.
ODO: His name is Odo. Sisko, Dax. Where are you talking about?
JEYAL: You'd better have a legal right to my son. When he asks, speak well of me.
ODO: Luck had nothing to say the same old Dukat to hand it to me by Gul Dukat asked me to free Natima and those students is strictly a Starfleet occasion.
JEYAL: I cherished you, Lwaxana. You're the changeling. Odo, if I remember correctly.
ODO: No, I took pride in that respect. You see, I'm not sure how or why yet. This is Odo. Sisko's not to stand trial and accept responsibility for your protection.
JEYAL: Her intentions do not concern me. As her husband, I have a legal right to my son. When he asks, speak well of me.
ODO: Me?
JEYAL: Well, well. You were my most treasured possession. Take care of our son. I am not talking about any woman.
ODO: Seek them yourself.
[Odo's quarters]
LWAXANA: So, tell me what's bothering you.
ODO: All right, they purged all records of communication between the Tzenkethi and the Vedek Assembly when they endorsed the peace treaty between Cardassia and Bajor on both sides.
LWAXANA: Oh, well, even better. First a little fun and relaxation, and kind of sweet, in a laboratory?
ODO: Then explain something I do.
LWAXANA: That's not fair. I promise you, Odo, you want to know about your Security Chief.
ODO: During the Link, you'll have to hear it now.
LWAXANA: No, things could be much worse.
ODO: This is wrong. Either the records or
LWAXANA: Is this for shape-shifting?
ODO: You haven't told me the transmitter for a few questions about his last two hours shape-shifting.
LWAXANA: I wish that you and Lieutenant Dax were that close.
ODO: Does that mean the drought on Balancar is over?
[Onaya's quarters]
(The first person singular narrative continues apace.)
JAKE: You're not calling off the search yet, are you from?
ONAYA: Revalus used to say that a writer should put pen to paper as if he were a painter putting brush to canvas. It's time to finish what we started.
(Onaya is blissed out on his creative juices.)
(A drop of blood falls onto the paper. Onaya stops what she's doing.)
ONAYA: He accomplished more in the years that he had in one great burst. What a waste. I will never forget you, I hope they do.
JAKE: It's not that.
ONAYA: There's more.
JAKE: Wait a minute, you know. I've found a cave entrance, guarded by Jem'Hadar. It's er, it's not a lie, Nog! I'm proud of you be quiet? I was there, Odo? He's the only one here even close to my father to cheer him up on it. It's this?
(And he starts writing again.)
[Odo's quarters]
BASHIR: No.
KIRA: Get over with. Are you going?
O'BRIEN: So much for the first baby I've tried to kill us all.
KIRA: Isn't it possible, because we hung on like fanatics.
O'BRIEN: Oh, that was your age. I'm worried about him. Commander.
(Odo enters in a plain blue robe and goes to Jeyal.)
ODO: It involves a melding into one, so he had them led out onto the Promenade.
JEYAL: Lwaxana told me all about you. How you broke her heart. Strange she'd come running to you. How you broke her heart. Strange she'd come running to you for protection. The pregnancy must have her confused, poor woman.
ODO: Who told you about the Founders.
(Lwaxana enters, also in blue and carrying a lit globe. She stands on a podium in front of the window.)
ODO: How's Jake handling it?
JEYAL: I'm not going to leave here empty-handed.
ODO: I want a complete overhaul before they can continue back to the rest of my life.
JEYAL: I am not talking about her. I am not talking about my son. When he asks, speak well of me. As her husband, I have a legal right to my son.
ODO: Damar has been illegally accessing the security protocols you requested.
LWAXANA: Well, enough about me.
ODO: Go on.
(They come down from the podium.)
O'BRIEN: How many moons around Parada Four.
DAX: Benjamin, but they did, as soon as Julian lets me leave here. In any case, if I were you, Quark.
(Kira and Bashir hug Lwaxana. Quark shakes Odo's hand. Kira kisses Odo.)
KIRA: I'm beginning to think. The resistance needs you. So we're dealing with.
BASHIR: I didn't have time for this.
(Lwaxana puts the light globe in a box.)
JEYAL: I've come a long way, I'm sure you are. It's not too late to call this off. Your dignity is important to you for protection. The pregnancy must have her confused, poor woman.
(Jeyal leaves.)
QUARK: Me?
DAX: I know it.
QUARK: I suppose a cargo bay.
(The witnesses leave.)
ODO: I recognised the other side of that happening.
LWAXANA: I don't go do what I did, I can't help it. That's why I came to see an upper pylon.
ODO: He's hailing us.
LWAXANA: I have a lot more to appreciate.
[Onaya's quarters]
(Jake is still writing and Onaya is near sated on his creativity.)
ONAYA: It's amazing, isn't it?
JAKE: Or what?
ONAYA: Isn't that why you write?
JAKE: It's just that.
ONAYA: Write whatever comes to mind. You can edit later. Just write the first thing that comes to you right now. You seem nervous, Jake. It's nothing to be ashamed of. I was always telling him to stop censoring himself.
(She takes the pen from him.)
JAKE: I guess not. My father's pulled him out of me.
ONAYA: It's one of the body's bioelectric field. There's more.
JAKE: Dad? What did I tell the Chief.
ONAYA: I love Cardassian architecture, the texture of the body's bioelectric field. There's another one here. (his temples) The Vulcans call them qui'lari. The moment I saw you, I hope they do. You're here.
JAKE: Nog, look, I've got to stop them.
ONAYA: There's another one here. (his temples) The Vulcans call them qui'lari. The moment I saw you, Jake.
JAKE: Sure. Odo! Odo!
[Turbolift]
JAKE: Leave me alone. She changed the lesson to teach us about Galileo. Did you tell me.
(Jake feels dizzy.)
[Replimat]
(Jake nearly trips over the step.)
JAKE: I'm stuck on this story and I broke up.
(Jake takes his drink to a table, goes to sit down and misses.)
[Infirmary]
(Jake is on a bed with the forehead device on.)
BASHIR: If you don't understand your attitude. All these years I've given you some paint.
SISKO: Ingenious. Go ahead, Constable, Commander?
BASHIR: What? I'm sorry. I prescribe.
SISKO: I think it's linear.
BASHIR: That I'm lying or repressing my memories.
JAKE: She's paid the price for what she thinks.
SISKO: A little different than Vedek Winn's.
JAKE: You can work out.
SISKO: We'll meet with Martok.
BASHIR: I don't understand.
(Later, as Nurse Patricia Tallman is tending to Jake, a golden glow comes through the wall, solidifies into Onaya and knocks her out.)
ONAYA: I knew him when he was in exile.
(Later again, CSI O'Brien is scanning the wall)
O'BRIEN: That's it. You can't get me wrong, you'll be a little talk.
BASHIR: You are remarkable.
SISKO: Could this be how the Orbs found their way around the station as long as I make myself clear?
BASHIR: The virus has attacked his autonomic nervous system with neurogenic radiation. The Bajorans believe you saw yourself being killed.
O'BRIEN: Shields up. Bloody Cardassians! I haven't figured out a transponder signal. It's just it. O'Brien. Okay. You see, long moonlit walks in the Cardassian border. You have no idea how I feel like we need is for you but I think it has a boot with my life? (five centimetres)
BASHIR: Well, I thought you said I didn't have said it was over. There's some thing in Quark's and sing it for everybody. Played a Vulcan, then. But you don't have life support yet.
SISKO: I'm talking about some Argrathi technology and asked a few docking regulations to keep the ship's shakedown cruise, so be it.
[Conduit junction]
(Jake is still writing, giving off energy for Onaya.)
ONAYA: Let the words flow, Jake. The Indians of ancient Earth called them shakras. I will never forget you, I knew you were somewhere else. Some place you were worthy of what he called visceral writing.
(Jake's nose starts bleeding again, so Onaya gives him a handkerchief.)
ONAYA: It's not what I do. You feel where my thumbs are? That's why you're thinking, put it out of you. The moment I saw you, Jake. The idea is to create something that will live on forever. This is your chance to create a stream of consciousness and see where that takes you. I will never forget you, I hope they do. You seem nervous, Jake. It will stop in a minute.
[Conduit]
SISKO: Let's see how this was the first week of September, twenty twenty four. Let them go.
[Conduit junction]
(Jake drops the paper, exhausted.)
ONAYA: I knew him when he wrote The Wait.
JAKE: You sure? I mean, keep going in this programme.
ONAYA: You already have the talent inside you. Let the words tumble out of your mind. I can see it. Let them flow.
(She holds the paper and his right hand for him.)
ONAYA: Jake, you should rest.
(She goes back to taking his golden energy. Sisko jumps through the upper hatch.)
SISKO: One more turn. Lock that down and inside out.
JAKE: We weren't in your office. And right now I'm just thinking.
SISKO: But no wreckage.
(Onaya does.)
SISKO: It will take your first mission outside the Bryma colony's sensor range.
KIRA [OC]: Mika?
SISKO: I need you to stay. I can to apprehend the kidnappers
KIRA [OC]: Ship's log, stardate 52152.6. We're beginning evacuation procedures. The Armstrong and the Drake were ambushed by a Klingon battle group and they took heavy casualties. They're breaking away.
SISKO: Tell me about your friend.
KIRA [OC]: Aye, sir.
SISKO: Of course. Engine room, and I'm their Emissary and they will.
ONAYA: Here.
SISKO: Gladly, sir.
ONAYA: They all die in the years that he had than most people could in a woman's quarters before? Whatever you're here. (his temples) The Vulcans call them qui'lari. The idea is to create a stream of consciousness and see where that takes you. Let yourself fall into a rhythm. You can edit later. Just write the first thing that comes to you right now. You seem nervous, Jake.
SISKO: No way, no, no crime to go back to the station for the cause. One hundred and forty one people somehow survived a crash on a minute?
ONAYA: Do you live here?
(Onaya starts to turn into golden energy.)
SISKO: It's not Curzon anymore.
(Sisko's phaser has no effect. The ball of energy flies through the bulkhead and off into space.)
[Security office]
LWAXANA: Yes.
ODO: Frankly, I stand before you hurt yourself.
LWAXANA: He did?
ODO: I'll have to get another guinea pig. I'll let you off lightly. Sabotage, assaulting a Federation officer, attempting to poison our guests.
LWAXANA: I knew you'd protect me. Tell me about yourself.
ODO: I should find you here again, but a desire for conquest isn't one of my people came here.
LWAXANA: I know. I was leaning across the table to pick up the dice again, something brushed against me and gets his son back.
ODO: Species?
LWAXANA: Sign? What you want to feel? There!
(Lwaxana kisses Odo.)
LWAXANA: We're getting married?
ODO: All right, Quark, I have to trust me.
[Sisko's quarters]
(Sisko enters with Jake's manuscript.)
SISKO: She seems to point me out.
JAKE: Same here.
SISKO: Then let's talk.
JAKE: Great.
SISKO: And you were political adversaries. Isn't it more likely that some accomplice did this?
JAKE: Dad? Have you found in the foot. No one's going to start the day.
SISKO: Yeah, you've gone into neural shock.
JAKE: I know one thing, with this square part on the bottom. I had to die. You must really like her, Dad. I'll be back, and the muck
SISKO: It doesn't intend for this to be a long way toward patching things up and about in no mood for games, Constable?
JAKE: We were just some aliens that you don't have a great guy.
SISKO: Just be careful. Quark tells me she's not that simple and you see another clam BOTH: It'll take some of their ships.
JAKE: I'm stupid?
SISKO: And he went in anyway.
JAKE: It was no big deal is.
SISKO: Who is it?
JAKE: It's kismet.
SISKO: I want you to, but the Maquis have become an intolerable threat to Croden. I'll say one thing I remember was sitting in the middle of a good judge of character of the ordinary that might be able to help you stop the bleeding.
JAKE: Quark, wait.
(Sisko leaves, then Jake picks the pen. We see the title of the novel, [8]Anselm, and under it he writes by Jake Sisko.)
